# Tweets

"Taiwan's Tsai wins Canadian government-backed award that Ottawa
reportedly tried to block"

---

"Philippine foreign minister tells China to 'Get the F**k Out' over
South China Sea dispute.. The Philippine foreign minister on Monday
demanded in an expletive-laced Twitter message that China's vessels
get out of disputed waters, the latest exchange in a war of words with
Beijing over the South China Sea"

---

NBC: "The California Energy Commission is providing $2 million for [a]
project which will test a commercial marine vessel modified to
incorporate hydrogen"

[Link](https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/socalgas-to-provide-funding-for-testing-of-hydrogen-fuel-cell-technology-for-marine-vessels/2582877/)

---

"French builder Fountaine Pajot will soon introduce zero-emissions,
zero-noise hydrogen power to the cruising world via its Samana 59"

---

"The German and Swedish makers of large freight-hauling trucks said
cellcentric would start producing hydrogen fuel cells in Europe in
2025"

[Link](https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/daimler-volvo-plan-hydrogen-fuel-cell-production-europe-2025-2021-04-29)

---

"The US president .. wants 15 decarbonized hydrogen demonstration projects"

[Link](https://www.dw.com/en/how-to-be-sure-hydrogen-is-green-when-it-comes-in-so-many-colors/a-57421078?maca=en-rss-en-all-1573-rdf)

---

I am wary of these pricing, offseting schemes myself.. See vid
below. This is why quashing carbon at its source sounds
better. Renewable fuel comes out of producers, then the rest is
guaranteed to be green. No offseting, no pricing.. The infra of the
world becomes green from top to bottom.

[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id5B6ZEG30E)

---

"Guardian investigation finds carbon credits generated by forest
protection schemes are based on flawed system"

[Link](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/may/04/carbon-offsets-used-by-major-airlines-based-on-flawed-system-warn-experts)

---

MB: "During his first two terms, more than 1,800 of Putin’s decrees
were ignored or circumvented, and Putin himself estimates that only
about 20 percent of his decisions get implemented unless he intervenes
forcefully. The former president, Dmitri Medvedev, has stated:
'Without exaggeration, Russia is a country of legal nihilism. . . . No
other European country can boast of such a level of disregard for
law.' Rigorous studies corroborate this claim: nearly 30 percent of
Russians admit to breaking the law on a regular basis, and Russian
police earn more money from second jobs (roughly 40 percent of which
involves illegal activity) than from their offi cial salaries"

---

Aha turns out Rodrigues, of the Rodrigues formula fame was French.

---

MB: "France has banned fracking entirely, partly because its best
shale field lies directly under Paris"

---

Another (easier) way to fix the problem wld be to remove the problem
itself -- the teacher. 

---

MB: "[C]ross-national data suggest that the American system of teacher
recruitment, training, and accountability has been put together
backward: it draws teachers from the bottom half of college classes;
gives them minimal training; and when teachers fail to improve student
perfor- mance, the government imposes rigid standards, hoping to do on
the back end what it failed to create on the front end. By contrast,
countries with top PISA scores, such as Japan, Singapore, and Finland,
do the opposite: they select teachers from the top third of college
classes, train them rigorously, and then give them the freedom and
time to hone their skills and share best practices with other
teachers. As Harvard’s Jal Mehta has shown, such methods largely
obviate the need for external accountability, because 'selection and
preparation on the front end makes extensive monitoring on the back
end unnecessary.'"

---

MB has critism for US too when it is called for

Beckley: "Other worrying trends include the fact that the U.S. startup
rate (the share of new firms in the total number) has declined by 50
percent since 1978, and business deaths now outnumber business births
for the first time in generations. American corporate profits are at
all-time highs, but two thirds of U.S. economic sectors have become
more concentrated among a handful of mega firms, a fact that suggests
that rent seeking and price gouging, rather than innovation, caused
the rise in profits. For example, the four airlines that now control
80 percent of the U.S. commercial airline market (compared to 48
percent a decade ago) have profited immensely in recent years by
cramming more passengers onto planes without reducing ticket prices"

---

Industrial Age society, the Second Wave began in Western Europe with
the Industrial Revolution, and subsequently spread across the
world. Key aspects of Second Wave society are the nuclear family, a
factory-type education system and the corporation. The Third Wave is
the post-industrial society based on hi-tech with all its benefits and
adverse effects causing major attitude shifts in society. Institutions
are built around methods of production, so when a new wave arrives,
older structures around governance, education, health start to crumble
despite the best efforts of people working in them.

## For Members

[Link](https://thirdwave-members.herokuapp.com)

## Reference

[Nations and Nationalism, Culture, Narratives](/2013/02/nations-and-nationalism.md)

[The Fundamentals of Industrial Ideologies](/2011/04/fundamentals-of-industrial-ideologies.md)

[Education, Workplace](2017/09/education-workplace.md)

[Patents](/2018/09/patents.md)

[Democracy, Parties](/2016/11/democracy.md)

[Economy](/2018/05/economy.md)

[Globalization](/2018/09/globalization.md)

[Rome, The First Wave, Religion](/2017/12/rome.md)

[Human Nature & Health](/2020/07/human-nature.md)

[Climate Change](/2018/12/climate.md)

[The Middle East](/2019/07/middleeast.md)

[TR](../tr)

## Browse

[By Year](years.md)

[Search](search.html)

[Tweet Archive](/tweets/README.md)


