# Tweets

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I don’t think people are aware of how much of the west coast is burning right now: <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WaWILDFIRE?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#WaWILDFIRE</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/OregonFires?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#OregonFires</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CAfire?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#CAfire</a> <a href="https://t.co/nacy1OUr7C">https://t.co/nacy1OUr7C</a> <a href="https://t.co/tuFdJ2n0np">pic.twitter.com/tuFdJ2n0np</a></p>&mdash; Matt Zieger (@mattzieger) <a href="https://twitter.com/mattzieger/status/1303564302574522370?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Great.. Let's hope it is permanent. 

"'I'm more anti-China than you!'. That's a new theme of this
election. Joe Biden says, "We will never again be at the mercy of
China!"  ...  just a few administrations ago, presidents were eager to
celebrate China. 'A future of greater trade and growth and human
dignity is possible!' said George W. Bush. Bill Clinton praised
China's 'positive change' and 'great progress.'"

---

"@HillelNeuer

Dear @Disney: At the United Nations I'm trying to sound the alarm on
China's destruction of its Uighur Muslims. Now your film Mulan pays
tribute to the very entities involved in herding 1 million Uighurs
into camps. Do you think the camps are Disneyland?"

[Link](https://twitter.com/HillelNeuer/status/1303113121498886147)

---

The aircraft needs a runway, the top rotor blades aren't powered,
can't do vertical descent / ascend. That's probably why helicopters
were preferred, especially for military reasons. But funky little
aircraft. Looks fun.

---

Gyrochoppa

"Unlike a helicopter, which uses an engine to power its spinning rotor
blades, a gyroplane's upper rotor blades aren't powered by an
engine. Instead, the engine powers a back propeller that pushes the
gyrocopter forward. As the aircraft moves, air passes naturally
through its rotor blades, creating lift. ... If a gyroplane's engine
failed, its blades would already be auto-rotating, so the aircraft
would gradually descend"

[Link](https://www.wtsp.com/article/news/difference-between-helicopter-gyrocopter/67-14e7da97-9fec-4b26-9d0f-2e536c0c149b)

---

Just saw dude's post on a gyrocopter

[Link](https://twitter.com/SamChuiPhotos/status/1303377510072307712)

---

"@AthertonKD

the sky is yellow-grey, the power flickers off intermittently, and I
learned today that at certain wind speeds the front door whistles"

---

Real estate fraud? Jeez.

I guess some ppl are addicted to the hustle. 

In some ways image making, certain art is propaganda, in excess, a lie. 

@mollylambert

I believe that @caitraft knows why Kardashians was cancelled because
she’s been right about every other weird Kardashian story recently
including the ones involving real estate fraud

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">fuck k-12 <a href="https://t.co/YocoG2qz4R">https://t.co/YocoG2qz4R</a></p>&mdash; talia ‘stop filming faces’ jane (@itsa_talia) <a href="https://twitter.com/itsa_talia/status/1303507911872851969?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@rtyson82

Insurance companies helping to defund police by increasing liability
premiums 46% due to excessive force and wrongful death settlements,
leading to the sheriff having to propose a $14 million cut in staffing
and programs to close its budget deficit"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Queensland is investing heavily to deliver targets of 50% renewable energy by 2030 or net zero emissions by 2050. With a $145m allocation for three new Renewable Energy Zones in Queensland. <br><br>Read more: <a href="https://t.co/Ig14Umn3Bq">https://t.co/Ig14Umn3Bq</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hazergroupltd?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hazergroupltd</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/queensland?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#queensland</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleantech?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleantech</a> <a href="https://t.co/loaIBKNjDs">pic.twitter.com/loaIBKNjDs</a></p>&mdash; Hazer Group Ltd (@hazergroupltd) <a href="https://twitter.com/hazergroupltd/status/1303543688816209925?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Odd I never included this code in personal tutorials.. The right time
was now apparently. Good thing I put it on one Q&A site, recovered
from there.

---

Ah yes.. I needed numerical implementation of a certain operator.. I
looked and found one, guy did good job. Wait.. that was me!

---

The future cannot arrive fast enough. 

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">when you make your coffee at home <a href="https://t.co/opnz7mMcuy">pic.twitter.com/opnz7mMcuy</a></p>&mdash; juan vidal (@itsjuanlove) <a href="https://twitter.com/itsjuanlove/status/1303135727618789382?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

*Last updated 2020-09-09 11:31*

---

Industrial Age society, the Second Wave began in Western Europe with
the Industrial Revolution, and subsequently spread across the
world. Key aspects of Second Wave society are the nuclear family, a
factory-type education system and the corporation. The Third Wave is
the post-industrial society based on hi-tech with all its benefits and
adverse effects causing major attitude shifts in society. Institutions
are built around methods of production, so when a new wave arrives,
older structures around governance, education, health start to crumble
despite the best efforts of people working in them.

## For Members

[Link](https://thirdwave-members.herokuapp.com)

## Reference

[Nations and Nationalism, Culture, Narratives](/2013/02/nations-and-nationalism.md)

[The Fundamentals of Industrial Ideologies](/2011/04/fundamentals-of-industrial-ideologies.md)

[Education, Workplace](2017/09/education-workplace.md)

[Patents](/2018/09/patents.md)

[War on Drugs](/2019/11/war-on-drugs.md)

[Religion](/2015/04/god-religion.md)

[Democracy, Parties](/2016/11/democracy.md)

[Economy](/2018/05/economy.md)

[Globalization](/2018/09/globalization.md)

[Rome, The First Wave](/2017/12/rome.md)

[Human Nature](/2020/07/human-nature.md)

[Climate Change](/2018/12/climate.md)

[The Middle East](/2019/07/middleeast.md)

[TR](../tr)

## Browse

[By Year](years.md)

[Search](search.html)

[Tweet Archive](/tweets/README.md)




