# Q&A - 28/1
Cut off from the Internet, young Cubans have quietly linked thousands of computers into a hidden network that stretches miles across Havana, letting them chat with friends, play games and download hit movies in a mini-replica of the online world that most can't access [..]

[They] have covertly engineered a partial solution by pooling funds to create a private network of more than 9,000 computers with small, inexpensive but powerful hidden Wi-Fi antennas and Ethernet cables strung over streets and rooftops spanning the entire city. 

All it takes is one satellite hook-up to punch through

.. then you are on the Internet. Another sign of the spread of tech and how unstoppable it is. At the very least these people have a fast way of communicating with eachother. 

News


The
 actor tweeted a message to Tsipras that concluded with “Good luck” in 
Greek. Alexis Tsipras responded “Thank you Dr. - See more at: 
http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/01/26/dr-house-congratulates-tsipras-for-greek-election-win/#sthash.GnWviCYe.dpuf
The actor [Hugh Laurie a.k.a Dr. House] tweeted a message to [newly elected Greek leader] Tsipras that concluded with “Good luck” in Greek. Alexis Tsipras responded "Thank you Dr."

Hah

This is very interesting; Our profiling shows Tsipras' type is Just Do It Nike Man. The Achilles heel for these people (oh that's so Greek!) is waiting for more and more and more information before doing anything, and because of this waiting, in the negative, they lock-up, unable to go one way or another. Their path of development is diving right in, taking action without waiting for complete information. This is not to say collecting information is bad in general / for others, what we mean is  that for these people the threshold seems to be so high that causes them to go inert. Their battle is overcoming this.

Dr. House tweet is funny because it makes sense a JDINM type would like a show like House; Dr. House is the ultimate diagnostician, he knows a lot, is very smart, but there are always uncertainties, but these never seem to be stop him. He pushes, he prods, sometimes he takes action to reveal some tidbit of info that leads him to the correct diagnosis. 

Anyway; what does a Syriza election mean for Greeks and austerity? Who knows... I remember a Nouriel "Dr. Doom" Roubini interview where he said maybe Greeks should leave the Euro reinstating the Drachma, weakening it so they can export and rebuild the country's competitiveness. Maybe that's the way for them. (Roubini is called Dr. Doom because he was one of the few predicting the 2008 crisis. Then later, when he was bullish on the economy at one point, he said "maybe now they'll call me Dr. Boom". This guy... )







at

January 28, 2015















