# Q&A - 4/1

http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/microsites/ostp/pcast-nitrd-report-2010.pdf

The algorithms that we use today for speech recognition, for natural
language translation, for chess playing, for logistics planning, have
evolved remarkably in the past decade. It’s difficult to quantify the
improvement, though, because it is as much in the realm of quality as
of execution time.

In the field of numerical algorithms, however, the improvement can be
quantified. Here is just one example, provided by Professor Martin
Grötschel of [KZZI] Berlin. Grötschel, an expert in optimization,
observes that a benchmark production planning model solved using
linear programming would have taken 82 years to solve in 1988, using
the computers and the linear programming algorithms of the
day. Fifteen years later – in 2003 – this same model could be solved
in roughly 1 minute, an improvement by a factor of roughly 43
million. Of this, a factor of roughly 1,000 was due to increased
processor speed, whereas a factor of roughly 43,000 was due to
improvements in algorithms!

Jeez

But how could that be? Innovation is dead (!)

News

[Another Uber PR f..k-up]

Tech is making deeper inroads into social life

Ordering stuff online and having them delivered to people's doorstep
is one thing; inserting yourself in the middle of much richer human
interaction is another. Transportation, offered by the people, for the
people is that kind of a "busier" and richer interaction IMO. Some of
the blame for the most recent PR fubar can be laid on the Uber's chief
executive, due to his particular "style", but mostly the issue is the
new business / social environment Uber finds itself in. AirBnb is
having similar experiences (social, legal, etc). This is good! Tech is
inserting itself more and more into social realm.










