# #nomadic #tech

Ideally you should be able to "generate" your food by taking soil,
some plants, some water and out comes powder that u can eat (or
store). I hear Rhinehart of Soylent is working on this. Pie in the
sky? How about pie in powder!

Some history: It turns out storable powder food is nothing new. Native
Americans produced something called pemmican by drying bison meat and
berries, once dried turned it into powder form  stored for a very long
time (one video said that 'it will outlast you'). Pemmican was a major
source of food in America, the white-man jumped into its trade
naturally, through different companies. Funny story here is the
competition got out of hand and certain factions fought a war over
pemmican. Brits had to step in and merge the two companies. Blimey.

Apparently "soldier of Otto" brought something called tarhana with
them on military campaigns. Couple this with some meat, it can keep a
person well fed for a while. Tarhana is actually a Turco soup, cooked
in many homes, I never had much liking for it, but I understand now,
it is made to carry a bomb of vitamins, nutrients in it. If it is good
for warmongering plunderers, it is good enough for me! TR supermarkets
sell a ready-made versions in powder form, some even with dried
meat. Considering how cheap they are, they could simple purchased /
stored as-is and your food while on-the-go is solved!

Combatting world hunger

Beyond its nomadic uses, powder based durable food can be transported
to long distances. It is cheap. You could airdrop this to anywhere in
the world.

More geekiness:

Always wanted to develop on a mobile phone by using my notebook / PC
tools. So phone becomes the primary programming env, plus, existing
tools must work. In fact I remember bitching about this earlier on
this blog. I use Linux based tools and since Android is based on Linux
one would think such transition would be easy. But Android has layers
of crud that makes the transition next to impossible. There were some
brave souls working hard at this task however, and now there is an app
called Termux - Unix tools on Android. It is installed through the
Play Store, like a regular app, but to call it an app would be an
understatement. Termux is more like a starting shell that lets the dev
install much much more. [geek] python is there, as well as
TeX. virtualenv and pip install is now possible [/geek].

So have a fold-out bluetooth keyboard, and develop anywhere,
anytime. Samsung DeX provides similar experience, turning the
smartphone into dev environment through a keyboard and monitor
connect. An experience here using Termux + DeX.

Linux on Galaxy

Termux is still a contained environment however. Samsung is working on
the big-daddy - Linux on Galaxy, which will be the bodankadonk of
Linux based development on mobile . It is work-in-progress. 

Power

Wondering how do I power all this while on-the-go? Solar panels. The
larger, the better (stay away from Waka Waka, the small little thing
will never charge properly). There is a foldable panel deck on the
market, in TR it goes by the name Juo. It makes sense to buy panel
product seperately from storage product. Storage will be handled
through a power bank, any on the market will do.

How about tent, sleeping? Do I have to answer everything? Okay: REI
Camp Dome 2 Plus. But even better using a simple tarp for everything; 

How to make a tent with floor (bottom covered) 

https://youtu.be/d8WrtQyXipI?t=617

Other simple tarp tents, larger inside, but bottom open

https://youtu.be/b4uz1CDHGyU (3x3 DD Tarp)

https://youtu.be/4W76LyJdNYU?t=881

https://youtu.be/AiCUkb-UQ8I?t=133

Outfit

Don't try too much to get rain-proof everything, rain-proof pants,
jacket, etc. Somewhat rain-proof jacket is good-enough. For true rain
protection, that'll cover everything, get a
[pancho](https://www.decathlon.com.tr/arpenaz-10l-panco-id_8084715.html). Then
any kind of clothing is covered when it rains. They are foldable, fits
into almost any bag once folded. Obviously your bag needs its own rain
protection.

Fire 

Using a can (low tech but still)

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=deCzUOZyII8

Keywords: camping, tent

