# Q&A - 9/6

[JFK](https://twitter.com/NASA/status/1132311515141431296)

.. this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before
this decade is out, of landing a man on the Moon…

<img width="500px" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D7bHUowXkAEH4XX.jpg"/>

Ask not where to pahk the cah. Ask where to pahk the cah in Hahvahd Yahd.

Comment

Single-payer, public option (during 2009) did not pass because of
Senator Lieberman (D). His vote was necessary to have a
filibuster-proof majority

Well

That's no excuse for not campaigning, strategizing for SP, but, on
Lieberman, of course he doesn't want happy, healthy Americans. He
wants unhappy Americans who sign-up to military and die and kill for
his country. And by "his" country I mean Israel, not United
States. Lieberman is an Israeli citizen. I bet u didn't know that.

News

China says U.S. demand on its state-owned enterprises is 'invasion' on
economic sovereignty.

True

You can't dictate what is public what is private. Of course forced
tech transfers and many other aspects of Chi-US econ relationship
would not be suitable for US either, depending on the strategy.

[Comment](https://twitter.com/shockproofbeats/status/1132778062003757057)

Am I mad or have the Brexit Party merely taken UKIP's vote share plus
maybe an extra 5-10% from Tories? i.e. gains dwarfed by Lib Dem/Green
pro-remain surges. Why are Farage's Malibu Stacy-with-a-new-hat
shenanigans being talked about like they're a political earthquake?

You are not mad

[Trump](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQJDkruDlKI&feature=youtu.be&t=445)

[On gas vs electric]

Interesting

Electrifiers ran amok. It is a disease.

Also right on increased complexity. In a software project, a good
architect constantly tries to fight complexity (especially important
in software because it is very easy to increase complexity as the
initial cost of just typings some stuff is incredibly low) , and say
no. A recent example is Boeing with its MAX debacle, unnecessarily
increased
complexity. [Here](https://lwn.net/2000/0914/a/lt-debugger.php3) is
Linus Torvalds' comment on a question, some programmers were trying to
include a so-called kernel debugger in the Linux code (a tool that
helps trace bugs, hence the name) when he lost it.

Let's not forget Linux is the largest software code base humanity ever
created, when the previous software management guru Fred Brooks in his
*The Mythical Man-Month* said such a scale for a software project was
impossible to reach (he was talking about a possible Star Wars project
code base which the Linux project surpassed in terms of LOC many times
over). And it was all done through loosely connected (this was key
IMO) programmers through text-based version management tools.

[Comment](https://www.thedrive.com/tech/28284/never-mind-the-battery-vs-fuel-cell-holy-war-geely-makes-buses-for-all-warring-factions)

"A battery-electric 40 ton truck with 500km range needs 8 tons of
battery. That’s ridiculous" says Toyota’s FCV-boss Katsuhiko Hirose.

Yeah

8 ton battery on a 40 ton truck with 500 km range. These people are
truly some kind of geniuses aren't they?

[Article](https://www.history.com/news/how-did-the-gold-standard-contribute-to-the-great-depression)

A number of complex factors helped to create the conditions necessary
for the Great Depression, and adherence to the gold standard was just
one of those factors. A slowing economy combined with the stock market
crash of 1929 and a subsequent wave of bank failures in 1930 and 1931
led to crippling levels of deflation. Soon, the frightened public
began hoarding gold. European countries began to abandon the gold
standard.

The United States and other countries on the gold standard couldn’t
increase their money supplies to stimulate the economy. Great Britain
became the first to drop off the gold standard in 1931. Other
countries soon followed.

Gold is Old

There are some liberterians who are still high on the fumes of this
thing, they are best to abandon their dream. Keynes was right to call
gold "a barbaraous relic". There has been no successful gold-pegged
currencies in history. All trials ended badly; gold is deflationary.
Graeber showed armies make money what it is; king orders x to be
mined, gives x to soldiers, takes tax in x. All of a sudden the public
is stepping over eachother to sell their produce to those soldiers to
earn x. Money is created. It has always been so (now it is US military
over oil).

Surely with fiat an unwanted side-effect could be the reverse of
deflation, inflation, but that falls under the rubric of a political
decision. Democratically elected official will pay the price for that
inflation if it becomes excessive. My point is just to avoid the "bad"
inflation we cannot tie the hands of economic governance.

Question

There are some liberterians among conservatives, aren't they better kind
of conservatives?

No

Because they are generally anti-war and pro-freedom they might come
across as preferable. But make no mistake, these people are just
deluded as the next con. A lot of their shtick comes from 1st wave
land-based sheepfucker that we call the peasant. If we remember agro
empires rose on the tax collected from them, using their sons as
soldiers. This is where a lot of the knee-jerk reactions of the
libertard comes from; he doesn't want to be taxed, he surely doesn't
want to lose a son. He also doesn't want his money to lose value
(hence gold, something "trustworty", in his mind, that he can bury,
hide on his land).

What happens to the greater society?  Libertard, wedded to his land,
his sheep, does not care. I heard one say once, about policing,
security issues "well I have a private security / guard on my land"
and the stupid son of a bitch truly thought that comment got him off
the hook. But here is where he makes his first logical
mistake. Because "his land" such as it is, depends on a larger
apparatus that he does not *want* to care about. But if a mob gathered
outside his land and wanted to take it, there is little his $10/hour
rent-a-cop could do. So libertard depends on the societal apparatus to
not only keep the mob at bay, but keep them *not* unhappy enough so
they would not think of coming for his estate.

[News](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-hydrogen-aircraft/hydrogen-powered-flying-vehicle-touted-as-southern-california-traffic-tonic-idUSKCN1T0078)

![](https://img.newatlas.com/alakai-skai-hydrogen-vtol-air-taxi-8.jpg?auto=format%2Ccompress&ch=Width%2CDPR&fit=crop&h=347&q=60&rect=277%2C0%2C1104%2C621&w=616&s=a7982072073d38f38fa9c6e201e84bf5)

A mockup of the futuristic aircraft, dubbed “Skai” by its inventors, was put on exhibit for investors, the news media and other invited guests outside the BMW Group’s Designworks studio in Newbury Park, a suburb north of Los Angeles.[..]

Powered by six hydrogen fuel cell batteries - one for each rotor engine - the aircraft are designed for a range of 300 miles but are envisioned mainly for short urban hops or flights between nearby cities.

Fantastic

Question

Why did Elizabet Warren shun Fox News when many other Democrats did
town halls?

Warren didnt shun FN for the reasons she says (I dont want to support
their extremism). She shunned them because she is making a play for
the centrist Democrats. It can work.  She is also revealing policy
after policy, which ppl dont understand shit about, but it reinforces
an image of her as someone taking care of citizens.

Why the move for centrists? Let's not forget, we are not at national
elections yet. First candidate needs the Dem nomination. Looking at
Biden's numbers we can see there is a sizeable centrist chunk. Warren
is combative with DJT for this reason (pro impeachement, no FN, etc).

Also previously, that whole native American genetic testing "debacle"
worked for Warren. She was ridiculed by Trump, but that's a good
thing, it made her more of a nemesis, the un-Trump. She engineered it
for that reason. DJT was also ridiculed by Bam, remember?

This is how the pro-anti, for-against mechanism works. People have
vague notions about candidates, standing out in any way helps, any
emotional memory people can remember you by is good, in terms of
politicking of course.

Comment

But ..this and that issue... polls at ...blah.. percent, we should do it.

Politics / Policy

Political judgement is different than optimal policy judgement. In 2003
public support for the Iraq War was over 70 percent.

People don't know shit. Leaders need to lead. Voters are better at
judging character than judging policy (that they don't experience
first-hand).

Comment

By this time during 2008 election cycle, Hillary Clinton was the
frontrunner. She lost to Obama

Right

JUNIOR SENATOR Clinton was the frontrunner. But during 2016 cycle,
SECRETARY Clinton was the frontrunner, and remained so until the
end. Similarly with Dubya during his first run, or Al Gore. Now we
have VP Biden.

Things can turn out differently of course; Just saying, this line of
thinking is not too solid.

[Comment](https://twitter.com/Sustainable2050/status/1136570561247756288)

Two reasons why CCS (carbon capture and storage) on industrial
hydrogen production is much more affordable than on fossil power
plants: 1. Hydrogen production from natural gas, e.g. by steam methane
reforming, results in a pure CO2 stream, while power plants produce a
mixture.

Right

[Sputnik News](https://sputniknews.com/analysis/201906081075738684-oil-economic-forum/)

Once you have got hydrogen, you have a phenomenal energy vector [..]
And if you can replace natural gas and only lose say 15% of the
heating value inefficiencies that is a pretty good deal because you
can make the hydrogen with 100% carbon capture. Now, if you want to
charge a battery in 10 minutes for a domestic car, you need hundreds
of kilowatts of power, hundreds, you need thick cables, you need a lot
of… and that infrastructure doesn't exist.

True

IMO the best point in the fossil cycle to go clean is in the
beginning. Once hydrocarbon is "reformed" in to H2, all the way down
the line the energy can remain clean. No risk of methane leaks, no
risk of carbon.  Generating H2 this way is a win-win for all, both for
fossil fuel companies and the public.




