# Q&A - 16/6

Question

Affirmative action works. But what happens when it is applied a black
applicant vs. an Asian applicant? With equal qualifications, should
the black student be preferred?

Yes

The legislation was intended for black students; because they need to
battle more discrimination to get there, so the admission process
needs to take that into account and apply reverse-discrimination in
order to achieve the intended effect.

In society the Asians have the exact opposite "problem" in a way, a
form of positive discrimination on one specific area, "oh look at that
Asian kid, he must be smart (US vernacular reserves the word 'smart'
mostly for 'book-smart' as in person cranking through homework
problems). For 1st, 2nd generation immigrants there are other cultural
factors which could also be unfair on the Asian, Indian kids, maybe
they don't want to be this certain way, the "smart" kid, pushed
towards a particular direction. British comedian Sanjeev Bhaskar tells
a story where he is informing his father that he wanted to be an actor
when his father interrupts him and says "son, you mispronounce the
word..  It's pronounced as _doctor_". The man wasn't joking, he
wouldn't even hear the words, like it didn't register.

Question

How far has the integration in United States come? 

Depends

The society isn't color blind, non-discriminate, equal in most
places. During college I remember a white femal friend telling us
about her black roommate saying "she watches black shows all the
time", in a near whispering fashion, as if sharing some surprising
information. She didn't have black friends before college, not many
did. Of course her roommate watched black shows, why wouldn't she?

In US high schools it is a known fact that black students cluster, of
course so do goths, white jocks, geeks, etc, ... The surprising place
is Holywood, the liberal, "equality, diversity bastion" of America,
where recently the lead actor Boseman, while talking about his
experiences during filming of *Black Panther* said, during an
interview "it was black people everywhere, it was so awesome!". So he
was happy being only with black people; This is coming from a guy with
some history in TV, movies, scifi and his first name isn't Tyron,
Tabitha, or Momembe.

This shouldn't be taken as Asians, black, Latinos cluster *all the
time*. There are always interactivity, but it just ain't the
Federation. Not yet.

Photo

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/muratk3n/thirdwave/master/en/tweets/2019/nancyjfk.jpg)

Ha ha.. is that Nancy with JFK? 

Better watch out.. he'd nail you on the spot if alone in the same room
with him. He did that to this one girl u know. Basically rape. But
hey, little rape here, little hair smelling there.. just a regular
day for a Catholic.

Question

What is the biggest con in the world?

Biggest con in the world is the fake news around the death of Jesus
and the coopting of his legacy. Reality: He died because of the
"landed interests" i.e. Rome.

I want to make this point very clear: Italians killed Jesus.

The empire killed him, and by extension the empire's descendent the
Catholic Church. The schism was, and always is, between static,
village-minded landowners (and their many empires) and adaptable, free
wheeling foragers. If not in actuality, in spirit.

What happened after his death...? So when Jesus was killed the
establishment started the dance: he died, but he didn't actually die,
he wasn't killed by us, killed by these other people (for which we'll
take revenge for later, there'll be a guy with a funny mustache, don't
worry, whose soldiers will make the exact same hand gesture as our
soldiers -Ave Ceasar, Heil Hitler-, there'll be a price to pay). They
continue the dance, he died, he didn't die, BUT he was a God, a deity
(but he is dead?), for which you need a way to worship to, **which
we'll provide to you**. The clerical class is born. Pre-Abrahamic
bone-worshipping child sacrificing villager makes a comeback, now
creating a worshipping seance towards a figure whose teachings were
exactly the opposite . Mission accomplished.

This is the biggest con in the world with the most far reaching
consequences. It was genius.

Question

Should the CC continue to exist?

Better safe than sorry

I know the new gumba they got in there is trying to fix some stuff,
but, just to be on the safe side, I think everyone's goal should be
**to degrade and ultimately destroy** the Catholic Church. By extension
all related Rome-like cultures need to be "degraded" as well.

How are marital relations effected by agrarian era?

When land became important it's inheritence became a huge issue, and
by extension, knowing who your biological children are. The piousness
around marriage, sex become prevalent here. Moralism is not due to the
teachings of prophets, who were, in their time, political
revolutionaries (left) fighting entrenced intrests.

I repeat, piousness predate the prophets.

But there is more: On the one hand there is the moralistic
piousness. On the other, the landowners, now flush with cash who are
hoarding wealth (because they can, wealth is based on land which can
grow), they are also, at least the big ones, hoarding wives, because
again, they can. You can see that "I'am entitled to this" attitude in
sexual matters, like with JFK. Or other Catholics, or many others from
"that part" of the world, culturally speaking.

Look at how Trump, whose thinking is marred by the paisan he grew up
with, being a serial cheater on his wives, including this last
one. Same thing. The current wife, of course, being a good Catholic
forgave him.

The funny anectode here is that Mohammed actually tried *reducing* the
number of wives men could marry to, trying to sneak in some sense,
saying "you know it's really much better to be with one".  But like
with many other things, "peasant propaganda" won the day. We are
living in the world created by them.

Question

How was sexual relations pre-agro?

Normal

There were couples, men and women paid some attention to their child -
why not? I hunt for fish, I hunt for one more and give it to this kid
who kinda looks like me. People did have relations with other partners
sometimes, but noone made a big deal out of it.

I don't want to sugar coat it, men and women were not the *same* in
all aspects of life, but the inequality between sexes was much less
pronounced than during the agricultural era. During agro, 1st wave,
there were also other weirdness (everything about these people is
bunch of weirdo nonsense), sometimes in place of the male landowner
you can end up with female landowner boss, the *hanımağa* as it is
called in gobble-gobble (where all this shit started) which is just as
repugnant as the male version.


Question

Is entertainment a 1st wave thing?

Mostly

From anthropologist Ian Morris [1]: "Hunter-gatherer bands had had
broad geographical horizons but narrow social ones: the landscape
changed but the faces did not. The early farmer’s world was just the
opposite. You might pass your whole life within a day’s walk of the
village where you were born, but what a place it was—full of shrines
where the gods revealed themselves, festivals and feasts to delight
the senses, and gossipy, nosy neighbors"

Offering art in an enclosed space, you don't leave it, it comes to
you, everything you need in that one cramped place... Sounds a lot
like today, where people shun the environment, nature, but are
entertained by some stupid box in your own room.

But the subconcious is rebeling against this: why is Fortnite the most
popular game today? What do you do in Fortnite? You are outside,
running around, seeking shelter, fighting, trying to survive right?
Isn't that pre-agro forager life?

Question

What defines normal?

Good question

Most of our sense of normal is still defined by our hunter-gatherer
days, because we've been that way the longest. The teachings of
prophets (philosophers / politicians) reflect this, and reliable texts
that survive reveal an abhorrence for a particular way of life. Rumi,
a famous Islamic cleric, said "spend a day in a village you won't
recover for a month". He was like "there is some f..d up shit going on
in there, u know wha Im sayin?  It creeps me the f..k
out... Damn!". Well he didn't say that exactly but he meant it.

A lot of comedy is based on the "normal" person from outside village
looking in and telling on what's going on inside. When a comedian
makes fun of people having relations with dogs, having quirks, they
are making fun of the village. How else could you get fat if it wasn't
for a surplus generation of food that's only possible in the agro
area?  Hence the fat jokes. Obsession with sex; again only possible in
an enclosed space where you have no other worries than fuckin.

And [here](https://soundcloud.com/user-388476833/steven-strogatz-how-lies-in-mathematics-reveal-the-truth#t=7:35) is your moment of Zen...

References

[1] [WTWRFN](https://www.amazon.com/Why-West-Rules-Now-Patterns/dp/0312611692)


















