# Q&A - 25/6

A. Tooze, *Crashed*

Whereas Russia had reacted to its humiliation in the 1990s by
accumulating a substantial currency reserve, the East European states
had no such defense. For them security lay in integration with the
West, or at least so they imagined. With the Fed having used swap
lines to stabilize a core group of economies in which American
interests were undeniable, one might have expected the ECB to extend
similar support to the East European neighbors of the eurozone.

Membership in the EU and NATO was supposed to have promoted Eastern
Europe from their inferior status in the global pecking
order. Ex-members of the Warsaw Pact and former Soviet republics had
eagerly refashioned themselves as exponents of Donald Rumsfeld’s new
Europe. They now found their prospects for growth shattered and their
governments thrown back to where their post-Communist careers had
begun, as lesser sovereigns, and more or less resentful supplicants
for international financial assistance. The IMF was their last
resort

<span style="color:red">Interesting</span>

The book contends countries like Hungary were humiliated with the
absence of financial help at the time of need. Need I remind ppl
Orban's comeback year is 2010, 2 yrs after global fin crisis (which
the book also says really needs to be treated as one crisis instead of
a EU part and a US part).

Tooze, *Crashed* 

"In Beijing’s view, it was reckless American deficits that had driven
the global imbalances. Now, instead of retrenching, Britain and
America were talking about even more spending. With a week to go to
the G20, on March 23 the Chinese central bank chairman, Zhou
Xiaochuan, surprised the world by launching his own call for a new
Bretton Woods. The Chinese had been at the original meeting in 1944
and they knew their economic history. As far as Zhou was concerned, it
was time to revisit the fundamental decisions made in 1944. It was
thanks to America’s overweening power at the end of World War II that
the dollar had been established as the global reserve currency. Ever
since, America had been free to spend at will while accumulating huge
deficits. To ensure true stability, as John Maynard Keynes had argued
for the British delegation in 1944, the world needed a global monetary
unit independent of any national currency. The obvious candidate, Zhou
suggested, was the IMF’s unit of accounting and credit, the Special
Drawing Rights (SDR)."

<span style="color:red">Keynes' idea was bancor, not SDR</span>

SDR is gold backed, controlled by IMF which is a terrible, terrible
idea. Word is CH is buying lots of gold to prepare for an SDR
future. That future might not come to pass and you might get stuck
with that gold. Watch out.

Deficits, and surplusses are not anybody's "fault"; we cannot
"implore" countries to act nice, we need to design a system that will
nudge actors in the optimal direction. 

A. Tooze, *Crashed*

Despite the decision endorsed by the president on March 15, Geithner
never agreed with restructuring Citigroup. No one had ever unraveled a
bank of Citigroup’s complexity. It was not clear that the Treasury had
the resources and legal authority to carry it through. A protracted
restructuring would spook ​the markets. In the words of a later
postmortem compiled by one of Obama’s closest advisers, the Treasury
“slow walked” the Citigroup proposal. Though this delaying action
bordered on insubordination, Obama showed little inclination to impose
his will [..]

In the spring of 2009, rather than going over to the offensive, Obama
and Geithner positioned themselves as the last line of defense for
America’s financial system. It was their self-appointed mission to
calm “the mob.” Of course, playing the good cop is a tried-and-tested
negotiating tactic. But it is usually combined with stiff
demands. Someone has to play bad cop. What was remarkable in 2009 was
how little the Obama administration asked in return for the protection
it offered. To the amazement of the hardened Wall Street deal makers,
the only item on the table on March 27 was voluntary restraint on
compensation. That was even less than Paulson had asked for six months
earlier when he foisted TARP on them. In truth, if there were
pitchforks being wielded by anyone in the spring of 2009, it was not
by the Left against the banks but by the right-wing populists. With
the lavish attention of Fox News and subsidies from friendly
oligarchs, they were organizing themselves in the Tea Party
movement. The target of their anger was not Wall Street but the
liberals in the White House. The uncomfortable truth was that the
Obamians lacked pitchforks of their own. Reviled by the Right and
suspected by the Left of being in the pocket of Wall Street, as
Geithner himself admitted, the administration would find itself in
political “no-man’s land.

<span style="color:red">Haha</span>

So Bam gave the go-ahead and Geithner totally ignored him. Duh!

G. Friedman

On [24/6], U.S. national security adviser John Bolton will meet with
his Israeli and Russian counterparts in Jerusalem [.. Russia] is
allied with Iran, but that alliance has made Iran dependent, not
equal. Russia is the only major power not hostile to Iran, but that’s
already changing in Syria. If Russia turns on Tehran, it would
intensify Iran’s isolation and array forces against Iran that it could
not resist.

In exchange for joining a powerful anti-Iran coalition, Russia will
look to the U.S. – which can deliver its interests. Moscow will want
an end to economic sanctions, a guarantee of U.S. neutrality on
Ukraine, and likely a withdrawal of U.S. forces from Poland and
Romania. While Russia may have interests in the Middle East, it’s
these burning issues that it really cares about, and it is here that
Russia will try to gain leverage. For the U.S., sanctions are not
critical – neither Crimea nor eastern Ukraine are major issues – and
while it doesn’t trust Russia enough to withdraw from Poland and
Romania, Russia can probably live with that. Israel, for its part,
would be happy with anything that massively weakens Iran.

The talks may well stick to far more trivial issues than this, and
there will be no grand bargain on the table. Yet, senior security
officials from these three countries are not meeting in Jerusalem to
make some pious declaration. It seems they’ll be there to do business"

<span style="color:red">Hmmm</span>

What is cooking up there?

[Tim Maudlin](https://youtu.be/hC3ckLqsL5M?t=52)

[Paraphrasing] Quantum mechanics isn't really a theory; it doesn't
specify a physical ontology, as in "tell me what exists in the
physical world, etc."  Copenhagen QM just computes some stuff, and
pulls out random explanations out of its ass to justify its
computational method.

<span style="color:red">He is right</span>

[Tim Maudlin](https://youtu.be/hC3ckLqsL5M?t=688)

Schrodinger's cat is a thought experiment to point out the sillyness
of Copenhagen QM. Schrodinger was trying to point out a flaw.

<span style="color:red">Somehow it became a QM "teaching" tool</span>

SC is not cooked up to give you a sexy, scifi talking point that u
impress your friends with at a party. But somehow SC is now part of an
accepted reality that is Cop QM.

I guess people will do anything to be "mystified" with stuff.

[Tim Maudlin](https://youtu.be/hC3ckLqsL5M?t=743)

[How did we get here? Paraphrasing] Early on, Bohr's "magnetic
personality" played a role, he mystified the field, said that "you
can't understand QM and shouldnt be able to". Later bcz of the
Americans, who like to "compute stuff", the attitude was just "shut up
and compute".

<span style="color:red">True</span>

US culturally likes action anyway, likes "doing it"; that could have
been a factor too, they were culturally more susceptible to this stuff
than the rest.

Now we understand what Feynman meant when he said "if you think you
understand QM you really don't". The brilliant educator that he was,
he was trying to point out the state of QM as it was then.

Einstein hated this shit, but his own mishaps played a role in how we
got here; E was constantly trying to find the ultimate theory and
failing, at the same time, nagging Bohr with thought experiments and
failing on that too bcz, let's be honest, Copenhagen QM was agreeing
with experiments (which actually was not the problem). E did encourage
Pilot Wave Theory in the background so we are thankful to him for
that.

Why did Feynman follow suit with the rest? IMO he joined the field at
a young age when Cop QM was accelerating. Then he contributed to the
"computation" himself (Feynman diagrams are exactly that, a way to
calculate) earning him the Nobel prize, so in many ways, he was badly
placed to make a new path.

TM

All we have [in Cop QM] is a very effective method to make predictions.

<span style="color:red">So Cop QM is the Deep Shit of physics?</span>

Effective predictions, no explanations. Right on.

Frederic Bastiat

When goods don't cross borders, armies will

<span style="color:red">Bastiat was a moron</span>

Libertard, goldcucks love this guy tho. "When goods dont cross..?"
Guess who was Germany's biggest trading partner before the world wars?
It starts with F, ends with rance.

Unfettered trade is not a win-win for all. Comparative advantage is
false. Only a 1st year student of classical macro would believe this
nonsense. Through [recent
research](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2017/08/production-gdp-globalization.html)
(thanks to physicists barging into economics) we know that what
matters is diversity of products each country produces, not some empty
notion of "trade". "France sells wine, UK sells fish and chips". No;
they should both dabble in wine making and fish and chips, in varying
amounts sure, but the know-how for both products needs to exist in
each country. That is how everyone wins.

Question

Why is the Davos label "Fourth Industrial Revolution" a bad name?

<span style="color:red">Think of agricultural era</span>

When agriculture was industrialized we didn't call it "the Second
Agricultural Revolution". Agro was simply made better but as a way to
arrange social interactions, it lost its importance. We were in a new
age, the Second Wave.

[Reza Aslan](https://youtu.be/1Gcdo_9TW9M?t=213)

Jesus preached a reversal in the social order

<span style="color:red">Right</span>

Question

Why was the left associated with anti-religious feeling for so long?

<span style="color:red">They chose their enemy</span>

In war the greatest luxury has to be choosing your enemy yourself. The
so-called "conservatives" probably honed in on Marx (whose mental
faculties were subpar to say the least) because of his anti-religious
writings. He would be an enemy easier to fight.

Question

What sources are best to learn about the teachings of Jesus, Mohammad
[not necessarily the same thing as Christianity or peasant Islam]?

<span style="color:red">It is hard</span>

For Mohammad, it takes a lot of trawling through his recorded sayings
Hadith, cross checking everything. For Jesus I would look at Thomas'
Bible. My favorite part is "when you make the two one, and when you
make the outside like the inside, and above like below; when you make
the male and the female as one, then you will enter the kingdom of
God".

Question

Do you feel rebellious?

<span style="color:red">Not really</span>

Sometimes, but I am mostly baffled why people cannot reach the
simplest conclusions indicated by numbers, economics, history. Let's
take religion; A figure who befriended thieves, all kinds of unruly
characters is somehow the symbol of moralistic piousness, and the
mafia-state of the time had nothing to do with his murder?

Is this what Gurdjieff meant when he said 'everyone is asleep'?

