# Q&A - 2/11
After more than a week of local and international condemnation, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel issued a statement on Friday retracting his accusation that it was a Palestinian cleric who gave Hitler the idea of annihilating Europe’s Jews during World War II.

That wasn't too hard now was it?

Dumb-ass.

Gun nut

Gun ownership is like owning a car; We need cars, but once in a while you might run into someone and kill them. Do we ban cars because of a few accidents?

Ha ha

Good one. But I believe the analogy is incorrect. A better analogy would be owning a tank, not a car. This owner (of the friggin tank) insists on driving it on a regular road with "normal" cars and passengers. The tank might come in handy of course, say, while a person is out of his home someone quickly built a wall around it (hey things happen), and when  dude comes back, he can't get into his own home. A travesty. But since he owns a tank, he can roll right through the wall - with his friggin tank. Or, maybe while on the road a car is coming at you with intense speed with the intension of crashing in to you; the tank owner can simply fire at this car, blowing it up from a distance, before the impending crash.

Then, continuing with the analogy, what the rest of the populace is simply asking is "does anyone truly need a friggin tank to get to point A from point B"? Because as a side effect of driving a tank on the regular road with normal cars and passengers, the tank runs over cars, people, more often than usual because some being scared like a little bitch, they insist a regular car will not protect them, they need a friggin tank. 








at

November 02, 2015















