# Green Ammonia:

[Link](https://ammoniaindustry.com/haldor-topsoes-solid-oxide-electrolyzer/)

[Danish company] Haldor Topsoe has greatly improved the near-term
prospects for green ammonia by announcing a demonstration of its
next-generation ammonia synthesis plant. This new technology uses a
solid oxide electrolysis cell to make synthesis gas (hydrogen and
nitrogen), which feeds Haldor Topsoe’s existing technology: the
Haber-Bosch plant. The product is ammonia, made from air, water, and
renewable electricity.

The “SOC4NH3” project was recently awarded funds from the Danish
Energy Agency, allowing Haldor Topsoe to demonstrate the system with
its academic partners, and to deliver a feasibility study for a small
industrial-scale green ammonia pilot plant, which it hopes to build by
2025. There are two dimensions to this technology that make it so
important: its credibility and its efficiency.

First, the technology owner: Haldor Topsoe is a highly respected
technology development company, and it commands a global
market-leading position in the ammonia industry (it has built 60
ammonia plants since 2000 and currently services 248 ammonia catalyst
charges around the world). Haldor Topsoe’s status makes it credible
when it claims, as it does in recent presentations, that its new
technology could be commercially available by 2030.

Second, the technology: Haldor Topsoe’s solid oxide electrolysis cell
(SOEC) ammonia plant represents an optimized integration of
electrolyzer and Haber-Bosch (HB) units. It has the potential to
reduce both capex and opex, relative to other electrolyzer
technologies but also relative to conventional ammonia plants using
natural gas. The system has been designed to reduce capex by
eliminating the need for an air separation unit (ASU). This is nice
for the prospects of large-scale green ammonia but, combined with the
scalability of electrolyzers, it significantly improves the economics
of small-scale ammonia production (at small scales, the ASU becomes
very expensive). For opex, which is dominated by energy costs in any
ammonia technology, the SOEC-HB is estimated to produce green ammonia
with a specific energy consumption of about 7.2 MWh per ton, which is
26 GJ per ton. In other words, its green ammonia plant could be more
energy efficient than today’s best state-of-the-art natural gas-fed
ammonia plant, which consumes around 28 GJ per ton [..]

The SOEC will be demonstrated alongside another new Haldor Topsoe
technology: a solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) that generates combined
heat and power using ammonia as a fuel. In full, there are four
elements to the SOC4NH3 project:

Demonstration of green ammonia production from renewable energy, air,
and water, using a 50 kW solid oxide electrolysis cell (SOEC), at the
University of Aarhus in Foulum.  Demonstration of combined heat and
power generation from ammonia fuel, using a 1.5 kW single stack solid
oxide fuel cell (SOFC), at DTU (Danmarks Tekniske Universitet)
Department of Energy Conversion and Storage.  Techno-economic and
socio-economic studies on the production of green ammonia and use of
ammonia as an energy vector in a decarbonized economy.  Engineering
design and site-specific feasibility study for an industrial-scale
(1-2 metric ton per day) green ammonia pilot plant, using Haldor
Topsoe’s all-electric SOEC ammonia technology.  A new research
project, SOC4NH3 (Solid Oxide Cell based production and use of
ammonia) with a number of strong partners will over the next years
develop and demonstrate the technology and thereby bring it a big step
closer a commercial breakthrough.

“We expect that ammonia can be used for transportation and efficient
storage of energy. The greatest advantage of ammonia is that it has a
high energy density which makes it an effective fuel and energy
storage option – and it can thereby solve some of the most important
challenges of creating a sustainable energy system of the future,”
says project leader, Senior Principal Scientist John Bøgild Hansen.

Haldor Topsoe’s commercial partners for the techno-economic and
socio-economic studies, contributing perspectives from across the
entire energy value chain, include Energinet, the Danish electricity
and natural gas distributor; Vestas, a global market leader in wind
turbine manufacturing; Equinor, Norway’s national oil company; and
Ørsted Wind Power (“We’ve built more offshore wind farms than any
other developer in the world and we’ve only just begun“).

Perhaps the most important aspect of Haldor Topsoe’s SOEC-HB
technology, beyond the fact that it can be carbon-free, is its promise
of higher energy efficiency.

In conventional plants today, ammonia is made by combining hydrogen,
produced from coal or natural gas or another fossil fuel, with
nitrogen, produced by an air separation unit (ASU). Fossil
hydrocarbons aren’t the only viable source of hydrogen but, in most
places, they are the cheapest. I’ve previously written about how
today’s natural gas-fed Haber-Bosch plant is almost perfectly energy
efficient, due to decades of incremental innovation co-optimizing the
steam methane reformation (SMR) units, which produce hydrogen from
natural gas, and the HB units.

Since the start of the 20th Century, however, ammonia plants around
the world have used electrolyzers to produce hydrogen from water,
making industrial quantities of carbon-free “green” ammonia. Due to
economics, only a couple of these plants still operate today. This
technology always uses alkaline electrolysis cells (AEC) to produce
the hydrogen that is fed to the HB unit. AEC is a mature technology
but, unlike SMR, it did not evolve alongside HB; it has not been
integrated and co-optimized over decades into the design and
engineering of an ammonia plant.

The latest AEC ammonia technology will be demonstrated in a pilot
plant in South Australia, with an estimated energy consumption of 10
MWh per ton of ammonia. That is roughly equivalent to 36 GJ per ton,
which is the ammonia industry’s current average net energy efficiency
(according to the IFA Benchmark). This is respectable performance but
less energy efficient than today’s best available (fossil) technology
(roughly 28 GJ per ton for a state-of-the-art, world-scale SMR-HB
plant).

John Bøgild Hansen, NH3 Fuel Conference presentation, Solid Oxide Cell
Enabled Ammonia Synthesis and Ammonia Based Power Production, November
2017 Haldor Topsoe’s new SOEC-HB, on the other hand, is estimated to
produce ammonia with an energy consumption of about 7.2 MWh per
ton. This is roughly 26 GJ and is better than today’s best available
technology.  Of this 7.2 MWh per ton, 94% of the energy is consumed by
the SOEC in the production of synthesis gas (hydrogen and nitrogen)
and only 6% is used by the HB unit for ammonia synthesis.

Exactly like AEC-HB, an SOEC could be used to produce hydrogen,
alongside an ASU to produce nitrogen, in order to feed the HB
unit. This green ammonia plant would represent a conventional use of
an electrolyzer, but it would be an unintegrated, unoptimized
technology. Compared to the AEC, the SOEC exhibits a fundamentally
different chemistry, with perhaps greater potential for optimization
with the HB unit. Haldor Topsoe has focused on this potential.

The AEC splits water by transporting hydroxide ions (OH–) across a
membrane, whereas the SOEC transfers oxide ions (O2-) across its
membrane. It is the oxygen separating aspect of this chemistry that
allows Haldor Topsoe to make a major cost-saving change in its design
of a green ammonia plant: the elimination of the ASU. In Haldor
Topsoe’s integrated technology, the SOEC produces both the hydrogen
and the nitrogen required by the HB unit.  The nitrogen is produced
from the air input simply by burning some of the hydrogen that was
made by the electrolyzer, which removes oxygen from the air and
generates steam. This means that the electrolyzer must produce more
hydrogen than the HB unit alone requires, implying a hit to the
system’s energy efficiency. However, another aspect of the SOEC that
differentiates it from the AEC is its ability to consume power in the
form of either electricity or heat. Therefore, the steam generated by
burning hydrogen can be almost completely recycled within the system,
providing both water input and heat energy to the electrolyzer, and
thus allowing the system to operate at a lower voltage. In this way,
the high energy efficiency of the SOEC can be almost completely
maintained while eliminating the ASU from the system.

This energetic trade-off – swapping heat for electricity – has an
economic impact: the capital savings achieved by eliminating the ASU
from the system are earned by investing in an expanded SOEC stack
area. The techno-economic study coming out of the SOC4NH3 project will
aim to identify the project specifications and market conditions to
optimize this trade-off.

---

Fascinating. Solid oxide electrolyzers do not utilize rare-earth
metals (like lithium, cobalt used in Li-On batteries in many electric
cars), this gives them a leg-up in their economics. They typically
work at high-temparatures.

Ammonia (NH3) angle is interesting; I write about these options in
case there is complaining about hydrogen storage; it is already
possible to build an H2 economy based on known storage technologies,
but it's good to know about the options.

NH3 can be stored, transported at room temparature. It can be reformed
at fueling stations, to get H2 right away. Or, as Haldor Topsoe will
demonstrate, NH4 can be used directly in a fuel-cell to generate
electricity from ammonia.

Obviously the energy density of NH4 is high; much higher than Li-On
based tech which is an inferior technology, and always will be.

The word Haber-Bosch can sound familiar, this process is the
breakthrough technology that allowed the production of fertilizers,
more than 5-fold increase in agriculture output.

And a word to fossil-fuel companies; with either H2 or NH3 based
economy, there is a fuel here, and its transportation, storage can
utilize your existing infrastructure and expertise with
fossil-fuels. There is a place for you in this future and it can be
profitable, and you can make this switch.

Otherwise, teeny-weeny, peppy little [Tesla fans](https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&t=274)
are coming for you.


