# Q&A - 6/4

News

OpenAI research center postpones making its newest development
public because scientists at the company are worried that it is so
good so it could be dangerous.

A: I say to AI researchers, step on the gas and never look back. Use
of tech is a political matter and it will be handled as issues come
up. Right now all we have is bunch of attention sluts with their
doomsday scenarios whose "let's be careful" talk can hamper the
progress of science.

If Haber stopped his research on ammonia production bcz the
substance could be used to kill people, we would not have
fertizilers. Hell Haber did his research specifically to kill people,
to gas them, not making fertilizers. But his research ended up feeding
billions.

Question

Are neural nets the final answer for AGI?

A: They may not be... Right now what we do is like using linear
regression to analyze ball drops. U will find a linear rel on the
right eq but that's only part of the picture. Replace regression with
NN for intellig, that's where we are.

The deeper mathematical language for pattern matching, intelligence
still eludes us. Calculus gave that language to physics. We might need
the same for Intelligence.

Some might say atoms, molecules work at a deeper level, at that basic
level the rules are more easily mathematiciable. Look at them wiggaz,
tiggaz, chiggaz. M'f'kas are too hodge-podge, because of
evolution. Maybe. But we still evolved to some kind of optimality,
which could be mathematicizable.

Mathematician Mumford started some work on a vision pattern language,
trying to build that machinery from ground up.

This line of thought was partly triggered by
[this](https://www.sciencefriday.com/articles/the-language-of-calculus/).

I believe this language vs. reverse-engineering opposition is the real
reason behind @GaryMarcus's beef with NNs. Marcus is a critic of the
"connectionist" approach.

Deep NNs did wonders as of late however. No complaining there.

Question

Can the structure of a neural net be seen as that language akin to mathematics?

A: Maybe

But this language is not as expressive (yet) as mathematics itself,
and it does not lead to easy, straight-forward, algebraic-like
effortless (read: computation-less) manipulation.

Keanu Reeves

I dream of a day where I walk down the street and hear people talk
about Morality, Sustainability, and Philosophy instead of the
Kardashians.

A: Nice sentiment though flawed

See Keirsey's Pygmalion Project.

Not everyone is as Ti heavy as K (concepts). This is modernist
nonesense. "Let's educate all in the same mold".

The sentiment tickles me a little bcz I grew up on it. But... it dont
work.

[Eric Bjksdjfklsjlkdfjlskson](https://mobile.twitter.com/erikbryn/status/1110685908431335424)

Measuring the value of digital goods and services. New research finds
that social media really does contribute to the economy.

A: I do not support mucking around w value computation of GDP.  Create
a diff measure if you want, but we need a measure like GDP that
captures dollars paid 4 service rendered / product delivered. For FB
that exchange is in the ad dollars earned. Simple.

If we play around w mythical "satisfaction" scores, let's not forget
those scores exist bcz ppl r there because service is free. And the ad
dollars is high bcz ppl are there.. It's all connected you see...

I dont mean to nag on Bjksdjfklsjlkdfjlskson. He wrote some good
stuff on AI.

Progressive

Electoral college should be abolished

A: Maybe this progressive is trying to throw a bone to centrist with
electoral colllege talk. Not worth it. Also, whining abt Garland fits
in the same cat. That appt is not "stolen". Senate has a role in the
process. + that mo.f.ka was Harvard down to his underwear. Left should
be ecstatic he was not appointed.

Also Obama knew Garland would not go through when he appointed
him. He wanted to give Dems a reason to vote for Hillary. As it turns
out it didnt work.

News

Democrats are asking for Trump's tax returns

A: Finally a good move.

Bitching abt Russia, the electoral college,
"stolen judge" made u sound like whiny losers. Main reason was all
these complaints are based on lies. Tax return is abt unearthing the
truth about something. Good.

Jay Leno

Late-night comedy is too one-sided

A: He is not wrong

Trump caused the system to go haywire. I wish saner days were back.
Right now Conan seems to be more like Letterman of old, not too
partisan, showcasing young talent... Does The Late Show still do that?

I saw
[this](200~https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pIuOhoPB6U8)
the other day looked good.

Q: Where does comedy come from

A: Having strange characters around you helps

Leno talked abt his childhood, his father, an Italian who ate only
Italian food all his life, would often point to Jay while outside
people eating foreign food, like "wow look at that white guy eating
nochos" or "look at the Chinese guy eating hot dogs". So people eating
out of their ethnic group was interesting to this man. You don't need
to add or subtract anything to that, it's already funny. This kinda
stuff can be source material.

E.g. the conversation sequence I did
[here](../../2013/04/the-new-star-wars.md) (not that I am pro on this
at all), where fake Pickards says "while you take a number two, try
not to pass any gas", I stole that from someone I went to high-school
with. This kid got it into his head he wanted to shit not fart. He
made it his project and tried this for a week (he failed BTW). 

News

Scientists Used IBM's Quantum Computer to Reverse Time, Possibly
Breaking a Law of Physics 

A: Sabina Hossfelder [responds](https://mobile.twitter.com/skdh/status/1107906567033245696):
"Once again: Scientists did not "reverse time" and did not "break a
law of physics". Correct story: Some processes are reversible. Entropy
can decrease locally. We have known this for a long time. Great
experiment - yes - but no time reversal. #StopHype

[Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/trevorsumner/status/1106934362531155974)

BEST analysis of what really is happening on the #Boeing737Max issue
from my brother in law @davekammeyer , who’s a pilot, software
engineer & deep thinker. Bottom line don’t blame software that’s the
band aid for many other engineering and economic forces in effect.

Some people are calling the 737MAX tragedies a #software
failure. Here's my response: It's not a software problem. It was an

Economic problem that the 737 engines used too much fuel, so they
decided to install more efficient engines with bigger fans and make
the 737MAX.

Airframe problem.

They wanted to use the 737 airframe for economic
reasons, but needed more ground clearance with bigger engines.The 737
design can't be practically modified to have taller main landing
gear. The solution was to mount them higher & more forward.

This led to an;

Aerodynamic problem

The airframe with the engines mounted differently did not have
adequately stable handling at high AoA to be certifiable. Boeing
decided to create the MCAS system to electronically correct for the
aircraft's handling deficiencies.

During the course of developing the MCAS, there was a

Systems engineering problem

Boeing wanted the simplest possible fix that fit their existing
systems architecture, so that it required minimal engineering rework,
and minimal new training for pilots and maintenance crews.

A: Basically Boeing created a sub-optimal design in its hardware and
tried to make up for it in software. The software had to become more
unnecessarily complex which made it fragile, prone to failure which it
did.
