# Q&A - 18/4

Q: Wouldn't copyrights impede the development of art by reducing
funding for artists, authors?

A: One of the reasons I comfortably push for "zero copyrights +
reward-like free art" is seeing how generous people are on the Net for
those things. Just watch one of those live shows on Youtube for with
its "superchats" (money given in the chat window accompanied by a
question / comment), from tubers. $$ rains on them like a
motherlover. In one show a viewer dropped a wad (digitally speaking)
so huge, the tuber was speechless for a while. Not sure what the
amount was, maybe in the thousands. But there is amazing potential out
there. And this is for a random dude talking. Imagine the rewards for
a big-tent professional well-made movie, art.

Q: A lot of your approaches are less-restriction-beforehand-reward-afterhand.

A: Yes; I instinctively like these approaches bcz it provides more
freedom, plus it can scale. Let's have social nets with zero censoring
(and are distributed, truly peer-to-peer), less focus on pre-filters
means dissemination, discussion is faster. Filters are installed on
the clients,. and even the creation of filter packages would be open,
there should be competition among them, so ppl can boast "I am the
maintainer of FamilyPG2019 filter package [which filters out X,Y but
not Z]". Whichever package you like, you download it, and install
it. If you think abt it, filtering does belong as close to consumer as
possible. At home parents decide, at work IT managers / CEO decide.

Q: But if you lose copyrights on imaginary characters (say superheros, Star
Trek) that would mean anyone can make such art, degrading the quality.

A: Righht, and current approach to copyright did SUCH wonders for Star
Trek (one example). The franchise appears fukked beyond repair at this
moment, such that its comedy counterpart (*The Orville* -TNG with Fart
Jokes-) is doing better Trek than Trek at this moment. We are all
seeing what is going on with *Star Trek Discovery* (some call it
Disco, some call it STD, for short), and Jar Jar Abrahams movies with
its alternate universe, multiverse bullshit. And one reason for such
meanderings was the fact that because of corporate necessities / legal
issues parts of Trek license remained somewhere, other parts somewhere
else, lawyers literally told STD to make the show "20% different",
which contributed to their change in direction fans ended up
hating. Veering off canon also hurts your merchandise sales. Oh, and
let's not forget these new shows also had to be Woke and SJW compliant
now which meant they are 50% dumber by definition. But that's for
another post / article.

It seems Trek, franchise based movies would be much better off without
copyrights. Who would dare to make a Spiderman movie which is not
sanctioned by Stan Lee, or whoever is the standard bearer on Marvel?
And if they did who would watch it? Plus when fans generate content on
established canon, it's a good thing for the franchise. Star Wars and
Trek benefited greatly from such fan generated fiction. George Lucas
fought the fans on such derivative work for a while, but later gave
up, and it turned out for the better.

I am very serious on this. This is not a cherry-on-top nice-to-have
position. We need this. We need to reduce friction, increase
dissemination, increase scale. Otherwise we are fukked.

No patents, no copyrights. It all goes.

Q: Critics say it is unfair to have a trans woman competing in female
sport with a biologically male body

A: Critics are right

They might argue back "well these are just some divisions,
categorizations, why do they matter so much?". By that logic male /
female division is also arbitrary, why worry about that also?  So the
problem further categorization is complicated because of the first
one. Should men compete against women in all sports? No.

We are also seeing a problem of finer-and-finer categorization. The
answer to that is simple: trans athletes can compete against other
trans athletes.

[Article](https://www.edsurge.com/news/2019-04-13-we-need-to-humanize-education-more-than-we-need-to-personalize-learning)

We need to humanize education more than we need to personalize
learning

A: Ed should be reoriented around access to quality. No need for hand
waving, smiles, flailing, etc. A researcher w some teaching ability in
any subject is the best person to teach that subject. Get their
lecture videos, distribute them to kids. [Done](../../2017/09/education.html).


"But I had a great teacher in high school". This is not about your
dear teacher, or any other good teachers who are, sadly, rare. We
can't scale "I had a great teacher in high school". We can scale bits
though, and by seperating teaching from the certifying.

"We can educate great teachers for public schools in big
 numbers".

No you can't. Also, how is this different than any dipshit billionaire
saying education will fix poverty? You know that can't be done in
scale. We should scale the one thing we know we can scale.

[Steven
Chu](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffmcmahon/2019/04/02/get-ready-for-1-5%C2%A2-renewable-electricity-steven-chu-says-which-could-unleash-hydrogen-economy/#278cfba21c01)

Former Energy Sec. Steven Chu told a roomful of scientists in Chicago
they should think now what they could do with renewable electricity
that costs only 1.5¢ per kilowatt hour.

And, he suggested, those thoughts should include hydrogen.

"The cost of renewable energy at the best sites is 2¢ per kilowatt
hour. And that is going to widen," Chu said at the University of
Chicago in March. "I’m an advisor to Royal Dutch Shell. They think
within a couple decades the very best sites will go to 1.5¢ per
kilowatt hour cost of electricity.

A: Great.

Chu is a former U.S. Secretary of Energy, and 1997 Nobel Prize
winner in physics.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/JohnDCook/status/1113197952217092097)

I’m in a used book store. I asked where medical books are. [Answer]
“Between metaphysics and cooking.”

A: Ha ha

Q: I want to lose weight

A: You really can survive on one meal a day (make it breakfast). This is
the hunter-gatherer way (still our biology). Eat something rich in
proteins, nutrients. Meat is one of those dense foods, lots in small
volume. This is how we reduced our stomach size and increased our
brain size. Gorillas are vegeterian, big stomach, they had to eat lots
of plants to satiate themselves. Less nutritous, have to eat more.

Look at the pics of hungry kids in Africa - big stomach. Or a fat slob
in America; same problem. Eating less nutritious food, less protein,
it'll eff you up.

Q: How does infinity help mathematicians?

A: Reading the great book by Strogatz *Infinity Powers* made me
realize infinity is a tool (mostly, for mathematicians, especially for
Calculus). You use it to simplify stuff. No really.

Friend asked me a puzzle question once. "You and your friend have a
loaf of bread, how do you make sure you divide it equally between two
of you?". The "right" answer is "have your friend cut it into two, but
you choose the piece you want". This utilizes psychology.

My answer was "divide it into little pieces, for each piece give 1
piece to you 1 piece to me, etc".  And , "the division will approach
equality *in the limit*". This answer utilizes Calculus..

So chopping stuff into pieces literally solves problems for you. 

Q: Creating food out of thin air seems so sci-fi. How is this possible?

A: The process is not too complex really. H2 for energy and CO2 for
carbon is fed to special bacterias that generate food in powder form.

[Video](https://youtu.be/g2ygh9HQugY?t=276)

The process is not unlike making beer or wine. A special microbe eats
sugar produces wine. Here eats H2 and CO2 generates food.

Q: Why is Japan into hydrogen?

A: Japan is always a good country to watch, on energy. When the main
fuel is oil, Japanese looked around and said "I dont got it". The
answer: invent the supertanker, transport oil from the Middle East,
the more at one shot the better.

For renewables, it's about the sunshine, wind; Japanese look around "I
dont got that either". The answer: find the densest transportable
energy source, from the nearest sunny place: Hydrogen from
Australia. U need high energy density to get the bang for your buck.

[Australian Scientist](https://www.abc.net.au/radionational/programs/scienceshow/australian-hydrogen-could-power-the-world-many-times-over/10997452)

Australian hydrogen could power the world many times over

A: Australia is the new Saudi Arabia? 

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/acskemp/status/1115414648185020416)

Re-reading Road to Serfdom (happy 75th bday) and struck by how moderate it is.

A: Yes

[Bernie](https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/1115689543783546882)

Tax Day is around the corner and guess what? Corporations are lobbying for a new law that would prevent the government from offering you a free and easy online way to pay your taxes. The system is rigged and we need to drastically change it to protect the public.

A: Sad

[Scientist](https://youtu.be/tCeZxhHIbkU?t=2092)

[Joke]

A: That's some funny shit.

BTW I'd kick the economists off this thing; they look such jackasses
in there. Kick them out, take mathematicians in. Imagine Merton,
Scholes would be sitting at that table in 1997, whose investment fund
would blow up a few years later. 

[Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/mitsubishiheavyindustries/2019/04/09/the-energy-industrys-new-focus-on-lng-hydrogen-and-renewable-technology-is-already-enabling-a-change-in-power/?utm_source=TWITTER&utm_medium=social&utm_content=2243001331&utm_campaign=sprinklrForbesMainTwitter#13abfb944198)

The industry can continue to decarbonize the power grid for many years by using a mix of natural gas and renewable power generation. However, how do we continue to make progress in places like California, where coal-fired power generation is already retired, and where excess renewable electricity is causing market distortions? Progress will have to be defined differently.

The answer lies in the next phase of development: the storage of electricity using hydrogen.

In the last century, hydrogen powered the space program and brought us to the moon. 

A: Right on

Q: BEVs (battery electric vehicles) might be a stupid idea but I like
them, I like the torque.

A: FCEVs (fuel-cell electric vehicles) are electric cars too let's not
forget. There is no combustion, no burning. The difference is
electricity comes from a fuel (through a catalysis, a special
membrane) rather than lithium-ion batteries whose performance is
inferior due to their rechargable nature.

BEVs try to solve too many things at once. One is let's have an EV
with clean motor, second is let's have a battery that does not weigh a
ton, charges fast, etc. Too many fronts all at once. The world cannot
wait while monkey boy flails, trying to do it all.

Q: If you had to pick one place to start for H2 adoption, where would it be?

A: Buses

Buses are the simplest / best first place to go for H2 adoption. They
carry a lot of ppl, constantly in use, n pollute a lot. But they are
also under the control of a single mayorality, so a mayor can order
their change wholesale. Then wazoom! Clean xport 4 all.

Best part is their fueling; buses go through certain stops all the
time. Cities only need to provide fuel stations at key points, and you
are done.

By change it is meant either refurb existing buses as fuel-cell, or buying new ones. 

Fed gov could play a role providing pointers for tech refurb, or
directing cities to the companies ppl knowledgeable in the area.

Obviously as BEVs are a bad idea for cars, they are even a stupider
idea for buses. They would take half a day to refuel!

Comment

The most important reason why China is getting into hydrogen is that
it has recognized the problem with the infrastructure of building
charging stations for all battery-powered elecric vehicles in
China. The majority of Chinese people live in multi-family homes in
densely populated cities, so they have no way to load their cars at
home. It is the same situation as in Tokyo and many other Asian
cities.

A: Good point

News

Assange is arrested

A: I hope the plan is letting him go through the backdoor. Jailing the
best journo in the world is not cool.

[Airbus Commercial Aircraft President Guillaume Faury](https://twitter.com/HydrogenCouncil/status/1113465033042923522)

As the CEO of an aerospace company, I've seen a growing willingness to
explore the potential of hydrogen as a possible aviation fuel for the
future. That's why we, at Airbus, decided to join the Hydrogen Council.

A: [thumbs up]

[Luke Savage](https://twitter.com/LukewSavage/status/1116475950059757569)

Centrism is not a program or a coherent set of beliefs. It's an elite pathology concerned with offering people the absolute minimum institutional power is willing to concede at a given time (which is often less than nothing) and calling this "progress".

A: Savage


