# Q&A - 12/6

Question

Does trade deficit effect a country's exchange rate?

It can

A persistent deficit has to be balanced somewhere. The entire balance,
balance of payments, has to be zero. CA + KA + FA + RES = 0, CA –
current account (which includes the trade balance), KA – capital
account, FA – financial account, RES – reserves.

This balance is actually a great way of looking at a country's
state. For example here is Greece (xls [sheet](Greece.xlsx) with
formulas, based on this
[lecture](http://coin.wne.uw.edu.pl/brokicki/wsp_images/oem___set_1.pdf)). See
balancing item is very small, near zero. I guess we can all see the
persistent negative value in the current account, a persistent trade
deficit, all the way until 2010's when crisis hit.



So the negatives, as in current account, needs to be balanced, that
can be through FDI, or bond purchases, stock market inflows, balancing
the demand on the local currency. Japanese person imports coconut oil,
pays back in Yen, foreigners take that Yen (they have to do something
with it and most likely in Japan), and invest it in the Japanese stock
market. But that can introduce build-up of skittish money, when things
go sour, this money can choose to leave in a hurry, selling the local
currency. In Greece's case money in/out flows were mostly on Euro, but
other countries can feel wild gyrations in their currency values. 

Question

Is trade deficit bad for US? 

Depends

Theoretically US can simply print dollars to close its deficit, $ is
the reserve currency, there is always demand for dollars, people can
hold them in reserve, use it for oil, etc., so debt can be financed
without inflationary side-effects... But excessive imbalances are
still not good. "Yeah but [Triffin
dilemma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triffin_dilemma) says US has to
be in deficit so it can provide the world with reserve currency", what
ultimately follows though is having to defend that currency with
military. The problem here is that the Americans really are not too
comfortable with that kind of empire. All recent Presidents ran on
non-interventionism: Clinton, Bush, Bam. They lost their way becoming
captive to the establishment. We all saw the examples; they had
Clinton sign the Iraq Liberation Act, which Dubya would later use as
(another) justification for war (what are u yellin at me for, the law
says I have to liberate these funkers), Bam as we all saw effed it all
up in Libya, so they became interventionist, but at first campaigned
on non-interventionism. 

George Friedman

How does Germany exporting 50% of its GDP survive? 10% loss in exports
is a 5% loss in GDP.

Ouch

So over-reliance on exports is not good either.

BTW, Warren Buffett apparently had an
[idea](http://www.levyinstitute.org/pubs/wp_538.pdf) / mechanism to
reduce trade deficits.

Book (The Great Rebalancing)

There have been after all many well-recorded financial crises in
history, dating at least from the Roman real estate crisis of AD 33,
which shared many if not most characteristics of the 2007 crisis. 

Funny

Yes, that crisis appears to be real-estate related causing a
credit-crunch, it caused some unrest in the empire. 

Here is something interesting: Jesus was killed by Romans somewhere
between AD 30-33, I wonder if these two events are connected. There'd
be unrest, the need to quell the unrest, the authority caused bunch of
mayhem and a poor carpenter dies .. Maybe that's the material
religions are made of.

Comment

There has been a disconnect between productivity and typical worker's
compensation since 70s

Interesting

I did not double check this graph. But it is likely that it is true.

Question

Did Supreme Court make the right call on the baker case?

Yes

The story was a baker refused to make a (custom) cake for same-sex
couple due to his religious beliefs. The case went to SC and baker
won.

That was a tricky one. But Scotus is right, this is not a case of
providing / not providing essential items, or providing employment (if
that were the case I guarantee the judgement would have been
different). This is abt creating art in many ways, so if forced it'd
be like the society telling the baker, on top of the discomfort he
feels about mores around him, "bitch dance for me". That would be
trampling on his freedom. He cannot be forced to joyfully to create
art.

US justice system, when it is not ruined by bought politicians, can
actually make some good calls. While in college I remember a few of my
friends studying law would share interesting cases they learned at
school. One had to do with a car accident - a driver crashes into
another car (that itself also made some funky moves) while driving
hastily. A radio station organized some sort of scavenger hunt, he was
trying to get somewhere fast to retrieve some item... Who's at fault?
Driver #1, or #2? The court found the radio station guilty - because
they organized the scavenger hunt creating a situation which caused
the driver #1 to drive carelessly and crash. So they considered the
psychology of the situation, how ppl can be effected by these things,
assigned certain amount of responsibility on the station which has a
public role when it comes to certain acts.. I thought it was a good
call.


Act.Tv














at

June 12, 2018















