# Q&A - 20/6

Who came up with the Canadian single-payer healthcare? It was surely
the current prime minister's father Trudeau?

No

It was Tommy Douglas - who oddly enough ran
[against](https://youtu.be/g4_v2701GMg?t=1971) the father Trudeau and
lost because he did not provide enough "good TV". It was the 60s. I
remembered that tidbit when the son Trudeau disappointed
environmentalists lately by supporting fossil fuel production. Maybe
we should bar ppl who are "too presentable" from running for office?

Question

I don't want to work with Excel files, can you give me markdown and
csv files for Greece current account?

Sure

[Code](eu_greece.md), [Data](greece_acct.csv)

[Vox](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/12/21/16803302/drug-overdose-deaths-2016-worst)

The opioid crisis began in the 1990s, when doctors became increasingly
aware of the burdens of chronic pain. Pharmaceutical companies saw an
opportunity, and pushed doctors — with misleading marketing about the
safety and efficacy of the drugs — to prescribe opioids to treat all
sorts of pain.

Doctors, many exhausted by dealing with difficult-to-treat pain
patients, complied — in some states, writing enough prescriptions to
fill a bottle of pills for each resident. The drugs proliferated,
landing in the hands of not just patients but also teens rummaging
through their parents’ medicine cabinets, other family members,
friends of patients, and the black market.

Wait

So are they saying big pharma is complicit in creating this crisis?
They killed more ppl annually than the Vietnam War? Dude!











