# Q&A - 28/6

Prior 2008 how did speculative bank credit creation went unnoticed?

Securitization and shadow banking

Where Does Money Come From? by Collins: "Prior to the financial
crisis, banks discovered a means to circumvent the Basel regulations
on capital adequacy. This new method allowed them to preserve their
capital adequacy and maintain liquidity whilst continuing to expand
credit creation and is known as ‘securitisation’. Securitisation is
the process of selling on a loan, or a package of loans, and passing
the risk and reward onto someone else in exchange for cash. By taking
loans off the bank’s balance sheet, it can create capacity for new
lending while staying within the required capital ratios [..]

The ‘shadow banking system’ is a loose term used to cover the
proliferation of financial activities undertaken by banks off their
balance sheets, largely beyond the reach of regulation. No solid
definition yet exists, but it conventionally includes non-depository
money market funds and the use of securitisation and credit
derivatives by many institutions as well as private repo transactions.

What all these have in common, aside from their extraordinary
expansion over the last decade, is the creation of forms of creditthat have no relationship to traditional banking. As discussed
previously, it is quite possible for banks to create money and credit
out of nothing. In a myriad of ways, the shadow banking system hugely
extends that principle. For example, securitised collateral, typically
in the form of loans repackaged to receive AAA grade ratings, could be
used in a repo transaction. The asset would be sold to another
institution, with an agreement to buy back at a later date, at a
higher price. The seller would, in effect, be ‘borrowing’ the money,
with the difference in price being equivalent to the interest
rate. Repo transactions have therefore been called another type of
privately created money and form a crucial part of the shadow banking
system.

By virtue of its nature, estimating the size of the shadow system can
be difficult, although it is now likely to be somewhat larger than
conventional banking. As of early 2007, Timothy Geithner, then
President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York* suggested the US
shadow banking system had assets under management to the value of
$10.5 trillion – about $500 billion larger than the US deposit banking
system at the time."

So it's not like a representative from ACME Speculator I'll Burn Your
Money If You Give It To Me Co shows up at the bank and asks for
credit. The financial system found myriad of ways to print itself into
crisis.

Question

Why was shadow banking not regulated properly?

It was

Until it wasn't... From link - "Prior to the Great Depression in the
1930s, commercial banks were blamed for getting very speculative and
greedy, since they were not only investing their assets, but also
buying new issues for resale to the public. This led to a collapse of
the banking system, which slowly became irresponsible and chaotic. One
of the functional reforms that came in the form of banking regulations
was called the Glass-Steagall Act, and it clearly outlined the
objective of the banks".

Question 

What caused the Great Depression?

See above

Summary: speculative credit creation.

Question

What is the reason for recent crises'?

Guess what?

USA 1920s (Margin Loans): speculative credit creation

Scandinavia in the 1980s: speculative credit creation

Japan in the 1980s: speculative credit creation

Asian Crisis, 1990s: speculative credit creation

UK property bubble until 2007: speculative credit creation

US property bubble until 2006: speculative credit creation

Irish property bubble until 2007: speculative credit creation

Spanish property bubble until 2007: speculative credit creation

Source: Link

Wikipedia

Over time the amount of media merging has increased and the number of media outlets has increased. As a result, fewer companies now own more media outlets, increasing the concentration of ownership. In 1983, 90% of US media was controlled by 50 companies; as of 2011, 90% was controlled by just 6 companies and in 2017 the number was 5

Also..  

Before we poke fun of this video, let's not forget the root cause of
it.













