# Q&A - 4/9

Comment

[Paraphrasing] Not preferring war might be okay but why is Obama
advertising this intention? If US admin did not say anything, it would
make people fear US more..?

Yeah well..

But  if US does not make its intentions clear on war, then ppl will always try to pull US into one, and "friends" can be more dangerous in that sense then enemies. The supposed Syrian chemical weapon attack for example was a deliberately staged attack to goad US into action,  most likely involving the infamous "Bandar Bush" of Saudi Arabia. So bunch of regular people died just some shady person could force some decision on some distant capital. Is this more preferable? 

Question

For evolution, the process of random mutation is very important. Is evolution a non-deterministic process then? Is it quantum?!! Is it chaotic!!? 

Not really

Let's say there is a region with high trees with high branches. It would be advantegous for animals who eat the greenery to have long necks, right? Because such animals can reach the high leaves. According to evolution genes of animals with long(er) necks would be preferred over generations. 

Now the larger explanation cannot get lost in details, the so-called "randomness". Which gene, when, how, at what precise condition? We dont try to predict this event, otherwise we are in the Critical Mass, Tipping Point territory. We dont want to be there.

Instead look at end-states: One is high branches + animals with long necks. Other is high branches and short animals. A or B? Assad in Syria,  or Assad in Idaho baking cookies? Cell phones and digital journalism or cell phones and print journalism? Instead of focusing on bazillion, or random  transitions, the focus is on the tractable. 

Math modelers do this all the time; they will not get lost in the many interactions,  cases,  particles the  system can have, can be in, have been in ad infinitum; They represent the system in one snapshot, with enough variables making sure those  relationships are set correctly within that snapshot; then they can fast forward or rewind to whichever state, time period using this model for prediction. The model is like an end-state. If it has  the right variables in it with the right relationships, it is a viable end-state. 

Question

Who are some other characters in the Dynamical Systems world?

Strogatz 

I studied Nonlinear Dynamics  from the book of the great Steven Strogatz. He is a character -- Strogatz  made many contributions to the field, and also tried to model romantic relationships using Nonlinear Dynamics (Chaos in relationships -- how about that?). On the side he tried to find some practical uses for ND, I believe his one attempt at encryption did not pan out (maybe someone will continue on that work one day). Then he shifted his interest somewhat, wrote a book called Sync looking into more "order out of chaos" aspects of the field. He looked at why the London Millenium Bridge wobbled while people walked on it for example (bcz the bridge got into sync with its passangers apparently, fascinating stuff).

Less known is the fact Steven Strogatz was the thesis advisor of
Duncan Watts, who later became famous in Network Theory, becoming a
major researcher himself in marketing, social analysis. Watts also
[debunked](http://www.fastcompany.com/641124/tipping-point-toast) the influencer theory a few years back, another plus in his
column.













