# Civilized to Death

Excerpts from the book by Christopher Ryan

Jared Diamond’s 1999 essay about the transition to agriculture is
called, ominously, “The Worst Mistake in the History of the Human
Race.” More recently, historian Yuval Noah Harari goes so far as to
call the agricultural revolution “history’s biggest fraud.” In his
2015 bestseller, *Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind*, he writes,
“The Agricultural Revolution certainly enlarged the sum total of food
at the disposal of humankind, but the extra food did not translate
into a better diet or more leisure.” Harari agrees that all that extra
food merely fueled “population explosions and pampered elites” and
that farmers typically worked longer and harder than foragers for an
inferior diet. Forced into settled communities as a last resort,
agriculturalists faced drastic increases in social inequality, much
more violence in the form of organized conflict, and self-appointed
elites who used monotheistic religion to lock in their power. ..

Modern dentistry? We’ll see that the cavities and gum diseases so many
of us suffer from didn’t arise until the advent of grain-based diets
of civilization and monoculture. Scientists analyzing remains from
modern-day Sudan found that less than 1 percent of the
hunter-gatherers living in the area suffered from tooth decay. Once
they adopted agriculture, the rate shot up to around 20 percent.

Most of the dangers civilization claims to protect us from are, in
fact, created or amplified by civilization itself. Pointing to
antibiotics and bypass surgery in this context amount to extolling the
virtues of seat belts and air bags without mentioning that our ancient
ancestors were in no danger of auto collisions. If you’ve set my house
on fire, don’t expect me to be grateful when you show up later with a
bucket of water.

​If it’s making us unhealthy, unhappy, overworked, humiliated, and
frightened, what’s all this progress really worth? We know more or
less what it costs: nearly everything. We can tabulate the forests
destroyed, topsoil eroded, fisheries depleted, aquifers fouled, the
atmosphere pumped full of carbon, the cancers, the stress, the
desperate refugees, and more. People used to talk about leaving a
better world for their children. Now we just hope they’ll somehow
survive the mess. ...

Before I started studying evolution, I was under the impression that
ancient Greece was a long time ago. It’s 'ancient' after all. But
ancient Greece was only about three thousand years ago. Rome, two
thousand. The very earliest signs of agriculture and fixed human
settlements appeared roughly ten thousand years ago. These are all
very recent developments. ...

"Here’s the story we’ve all been told about who we are and where we
came from:

>We are descended from prehistoric ancestors whose lives were a
constant struggle against starvation, disease, predators, and each
other. Only the strongest, cleverest, most anxious, and most ruthless
survived to pass their genes into the future—and even these lucky ones
lived only to the age of thirty-five or so. Then, about ten thousand
years ago, some forgotten genius invented agriculture, and thus
delivered our species from animal desperation into civilized
abundance, leisure, sophistication, and plenitude. Despite occasional
setbacks, things have been getting better ever since.

In 1651, Thomas Hobbes described human life before the advent of the
state as “solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.” Three and a half
centuries later, it remains one of the most famous phrases in the
English language, and this Hobbesian vision of our precivilized past
persists as the central premise of the story of civilization. This
Narrative of Perpetual Progress (NPP) claims to explain the
superiority of civilization while taking it as a given. Inasmuch as
faith in “progress” is just another way of saying today is ipso facto
better than yesterday, the notion of progress is to be taken on faith,
and cannot be questioned without inviting the wrath of the true
believers. But the NPP poisons our minds, bodies, and relationships as
assuredly as it does the air, water, and soil. It justified millennia
of slavery and centuries of colonialism. ​It generates deep distrust of
ourselves and each other, shame and disgust toward our animal bodies,
and irrational fear and hostility toward the natural world we are told
is out to get us. It insists that we should be grateful for all this
progress we’ve made because, by definition, the here and now is the
best time ever to be alive.

The clear implication is that any discontent or despair you may be
experiencing must be due to some fault of your own—certainly not to
the civilization you were born into. You aren’t working hard enough,
consuming the right products, taking the right supplements, following
the right exercise regimen, driving the right car, or drinking enough
water. ....

The widespread belief that noncivilized human life was and is a
desperate struggle for survival resonates with the haughty dismissal
of uncivilized 'savages' common to previous centuries. But beyond its
inaccuracy and racist undertones, this view has disastrous
consequences in the present. Life-and-death medical decisions are
misinformed by false assumptions about the capacities of the human
body, relationships fall short of unrealistic expectations, legal
systems based on inaccurate notions of human nature generate the very
suffering they’re meant to avert, educational institutions smother the
innate curiosity of students, and so on. Indeed, nearly every aspect
of our lives (and our deaths) is distorted by a misinformed sense of
what kind of animal *Homo sapiens* really is.  Dr. Jonas Salk, famous
for having invented the polio vaccine, put it memorably: 'It is
necessary now not only to know thyself, but also to know thy species
and to understand the wisdom of nature, and especially living nature,
if we are to understand and help man develop his own wisdom in a way
that will lead to life of such quality as to make living a desirable
and fulfilling experience.' ...

"Life before hunter-gatherers was solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and
short. It turns out none of those things are true. Hunter-gatherers
worked 20 hours a week ... in some very harsh environment [even]
.. and what anthropologists call 'work' in these studies are things we
do in vacation - like hunting, fishing, picknicking.. " ...

In *Born to Run*, his 2009 bestseller, Christopher McDougall explains
how Nike convinced generations of joggers to ignore the evolved
biomechanics of the human body to run in an unnatural, debilitating
way that required the purchase of their expensive, utterly unnecessary
products. ...  McDougall quotes a financial columnist who thought
Nike’s plan was 'brilliant.' '[They] created a market for a product
and then created the product itself. ..” You may think it’s unfair to
focus on Nike, but McDougall disagrees. “Blaming the running injury
epidemic on big, bad Nike seems too easy,” he writes, “but that’s
okay, because it’s largely their fault.'

Nike’s 'deftest move,' McDougall writes, 'was advocating a new style
of running that was only possible in [its] new style of shoe [which]
allowed people to run in a way no humans safely could before: by
landing on their bony heels.' ...  Before the advent of these shoes in
1972, Lieberman has noted, “People ran in very thin-soled shoes, had
strong feet, and had much lower incidence of knee injuries.' ...

We keep [the children] indoors because we think it’s safer, but
dangers lurk in the house. Inactivity leads to obesity and diabetes,
but other, less obvious conditions can be traced to overly sheltered
childhood as well. In the past five decades, for example, the number
of young adults in the United States and Europe with myopia has
doubled, from about a quarter to half. Some researchers are predicting
that by 2020, one-third of the world’s population could be diagnosed
with the condition. Why? Partly because kids aren’t getting enough
sunlight in their retinas and are focusing almost entirely on things
that are close by, both because they’re spending so much of their time
indoors. ...

Many progressive European societies have policies that replicate
hunter-gatherer parenting values by assuring community support for
parents via generous maternity and paternity leave, subsidized medical
and child care, and free education.

Parents in the United States and other societies less aligned with the
deeply human, communal values are struggling—not because they are bad
parents, but because their culture places wildly unrealistic demands
and expectations on them, abandoning them when they most need help. ...

Despite the incessant marketing of modernity, many of us know in our
bones that we are far from home ... Amid all the bells and whistles,
life here often feels cold, empty, isolating, meaningless, and
barbaric. Our reality keeps drifting ever further from the ad
copy. How many times have we heard about the next marvel that’s “just
around the corner”? ...

In 1970, it took eight hours to fly from New York to London. It still
does, but now the seats are smaller. Armies of confused and angry
young men rise up in rage against the unfulfilled promises of
modernity in Africa, Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Even the things
that are kind of amazing—space probes, smartphones, digital
photography—quickly become expected parts of normal life and lose
their luster, regaining importance only when they don’t work. ...


