# Farmers, Foragers, Fossils

I am convinced, like the eighteenth-century philosophical historians,
that the sources of energy available to a society set the limits on
what kinds of values can flourish. Foragers living off wild plants and
animals find that only a rather narrow range of ways of organizing
their societies works out well, and these forms of organization tend
to reward particular kinds of values. Living off domesticated plants
and animals pushes farmers toward different organizations and values,
and people able to tap into the energy locked in fossil fuels find
that still another kind of organization and value system works best
for them...

Culture, religion, and moral philosophy certainly do shape the
regional versions of each of my three stages—no one would mistake,
say, Plato’s Apology for Confucius’s Analects—and I devote a lot of
space to them in chapters 2 to 4. That said, though, the bottom line
is that while cultural traditions generate variations on the central
themes, energy capture is the motor driving the big pattern...

[My] argument is .. universalist. .. my framework does incorporate the
overwhelming majority (probably more than 95 percent) of all the
people who have ever lived...

my argument is also explicitly evolutionist.. What I mean by this is
that human values have evolved biologically in the seven to eight
million years since we split off genetically from the last common
ancestor we 24 shared with the other great apes. Because our biology
has not changed very much in the ten to fifteen thousand years since
farming began, anthropologists, psychologists, and historians find
that a few core concerns—treating people fairly, being just, love and
hate, preventing harm, agreeing that some things are sacred—recur all
over the world, regardless of time or place. To some extent, they
recur in our closest kin among the great apes, and perhaps among
dolphins and whales too. Up to a point, at least, human values are
genetically hardwired, and because of this, the biologist E. O.
Wilson observed forty years ago, “Scientists and humanists should
consider together the possibility that the time has come for ethics to
be removed temporarily from the 25 hands of philosophers and
biologicized.”...

Everywhere from the Arctic to Australia, ethnographers have commented
on foragers’ aversion to political hierarchy. (In the excellent
Cambridge Encyclopedia 40 of Hunter-Gatherers, for instance, almost
all the contributors observe that the people about whom they are
writing have no institutionalized leaders.)...

Nonhierarchical values are just as pronounced in economics as in
politics, even if the nineteenth-century notion that foragers
practiced “primitive communism,” holding all goods in common, was
clearly mistaken. Rather, as Johnson and Earle emphasize 52in their
survey of social evolution, foragers “are closely attentive to matters
of possession and ownership. As a rule, every item produced has an
individual owner who decides how it is to be used.”

[N]o subgroup within a foraging society has ever set itself up as a
rentier class that owns the means of production. Excluding others from
access to wild plants that are scattered over a huge area or wild
animals and fish that are constantly on the move is normally
impossible... In almost all foraging societies, these practical
constraints on wealth accumulation 60 are reinforced by a strong sense
that material hierarchy is morally wrong. In most societies, the value
of sharing is drummed into children early on... Refusing to share the
good things that come your way is a forager deadly sin, every bit as
bad as being an upstart. In fact, greed and upstartism seem to merge
in forager thought.. After all, if there is no way for a hunter who
makes a big kill to store the meat for his own or his immediate
family’s future use, why not share today’s abundance, in the hope that
someone who benefits from your generosity now will reciprocate in the
future?...

[F]orager bands are male-dominated, but rarely have steep gender
hierarchies. Abused wives regularly just walk away from their husbands
without much fuss or criticism, and attitudes toward marital fidelity
and premarital female virginity tend to be quite relaxed... 

The shallowness of gender hierarchies and the weakness of marital
ties, like the shallowness and weakness of economic and political
hierarchies, seem to be a direct consequence of the nature of foraging
as a method of energy extraction. The food that women gather is
vitally important, especially near the equator, where plants make up
such a large proportion of most foragers’ diets, but the ethos of
sharing normally means that all members of a group will have access to
this. The main reason that male foragers generally care less than male
farmers about controlling women—and particularly about controlling
women’s reproduction—is that foragers have much less to inherit than
farmers. For most foraging societies, wild foods are equally available
to all, regardless of who their parents are. Consequently, material
success depends much more on skill at hunting, gathering, and
coalition-building than on physical property that can be passed down
between generations, which in turn means that questions about the
legitimacy of children matter a lot less than they do when only
legitimate offspring will inherit land and capital.












