# Slippage, H2, the Transition

[Post](https://chinadialogueocean.net/8170-china-uniquely-placed-to-green-shipping/#.XOQkavaAzzs.twitter)

Liquefied natural gas for instance, while great at reducing air
pollution, has little to no benefit in reducing greenhouse gas
emissions once methane slippage is taken into account. [..] Methane
slippage is the process of unburnt methane escaping from all parts of
the industrial process, from upstream production, to storage, to the
internal combustion engine. While oil and shipping companies are
making efforts to minimise methane slippage, even very small
single-digit percentage leaks can erode the greenhouse gas benefits of
switching from oil to gas, because methane is 84 times more potent
than CO2 in its warming effects, in the first two decades after its
release.

Bad

LNG is the cleanest fossil fuel out there, but that is also hampered
with problems. I don't think there is space for anything other than H2
in all steps of the energy processs, except maybe in the beginning,
where fossil is reformed into H2. Other than that, and considering
tooling, infrastructure issues, a form of clean H2 carrier has to be 
used. 

[Post](https://chinadialogueocean.net/8170-china-uniquely-placed-to-green-shipping/#.XOQkavaAzzs.twitter)

In Belgium, the 120-year-old container shipping company CMB is
trialling fuel cells on one of its container ships, and later this
year the port of Antwerp is opening a hydrogen refuelling station for
ships.

The speed of this announcement surprised many in the industry who
thought hydrogen in the maritime sector was years away from
commercialisation. Meanwhile, engine manufacturers view shipping
decarbonisation as a “gold rush”. MAN Energy Solutions, one of the
world’s largest engine manufacturers, announced in December it had
successfully developed the technology to use cryogenically cooled
hydrogen as an onboard ship fuel – a major breakthrough.

Great news

In a way the speed of FC, H2 tech developments should not be
surprising. Hydrogen caught the attention of the market a few times
before, so I am sure companies were sitting on a lot of dormant tech
from those times. When I was looking for FC based powerbank, I saw
someone had a product for it, in 2010! Now it's on, and the pace of
developments is fantastic.

[Riversimple](https://twitter.com/riversimple/status/1130862811691802624)

Great video

UK is an innovative place. Too bad the country has been hampered with
the recent political events (elite failure).

[News](https://www.railwaygazette.com/news/traction-rolling-stock/single-view/view/worlds-largest-fleet-of-fuel-cell-trains-ordered.html)

GERMANY: Following a European tender, the Fahma rolling stock
subsidiary of Rhein-Main transport authority RMV has awarded Alstom a
contract to supply and support a fleet of 27 fuel cell
multiple-units. The contract worth around €500 million

[News](https://www.udel.edu/udaily/2019/may/arpa-e-project-shimshon-gottesfeld-yushan-yan/)

A team of engineers at UD is among the 40 awardees of the ARPA-E
OPEN2018, and has been awarded $1,979,998 in funding to build a fuel
cell system fabricated with inexpensive catalysts and structural
materials. [..] So called hydroxide exchange membrane fuel cells [..]
cannot use direct supply of ambient air, because the carbon dioxide in
the air reduces their performance. An efficient and cost-effective way
to generate a CO2-free air stream, would open the door for wide
introduction of this desirable fuel cell technology. To address this
challenge, the UD team is developing a simple and cost effective cell
serving as “electrochemical pump,” capable of removing carbon dioxide
from a stream of ambient air.

Nice

So the FC will both use clean energy, built from inexpensive materials
and clean the environment while it is being used.

[News](https://www.proactiveinvestors.co.uk/companies/news/220572/afc-energy-reports-success-in-proof-of-concept-trial-using-ammonia-as-feedstock-220572.html)

AFC wants to replace off-grid stationary diesel gensets with hydrogen
fuel cell generators, and the use of cracked ammonia solves the
problem of how to get hydrogen to remote locations

I am a big fan of ammonia

This is what you get once u make that first decision right; the first
element, simple, with immense energy. Then considering storage,
transportation options, of which there are many.

On the other hand, if you make the first decision wrong, as in the
case of BEVs with their environment polluting lithium-ion-cobalt
solution, now you run into bunch of insurmountable problems. I hear
BEVevenglists started to grow a liking for nuclear power, because
their second rate solution requires readily available online power,
all the time. So nuclear starts looking attractive (it is not, the
tech is still riddled with problems).

[David Connoly](https://twitter.com/davconnolly/status/1129685070825054208)

IMF found that the "fossil fuel industry got a whopping $5.2 trillion
in subsidies in 2017. This amounts to 6.4 percent of the global gross
domestic product" Crazy!

It is crazy



