# Q&A - 14/10

This thought experiment suggests why a decision to engage in trade may be important even for a country that has a large population, such as China or India. If access to a large number of workers or consumers were all that mattered, having a large population would be a good substitute for trade with other nations. The model here suggests that what is important for growth is integration not into an economy with a large number of people but rather into one with a large amount of human capital. Many of the details of trade between different economies of this kind remain to be worked out, but since growth seems to be correlated with the degree of integration into worldwide markets but not closely related to population size or density, the results from this model seem promising.

Mmm

Yes, having access to lots of consumers is not primarily
important. But, according to findings of Werner and Hidalgo,
integration into "large amount of human capital" should not happen
across the border, human capital, or as Hidalgo calls it, "people with
tacit knowledge who can put their knowledge into productive use" need
to be present within a country's border. Because differentiated
products can only be produced with such people collaborating closely.

Then, simply becoming a link in a large supply chain does not turn a
country into a productive, creative powerhouse. Sell if you can, buy
if you must - but diverse capabilities that can make up a plane, a car
must exist in the same country. Per Werner simply getting FDI does not
bring knowledge, nor productivity into a country either. Actually I
always thought this line of reasoning was a particular kind of stupid,
and it turns out it probably originated from Romer.

Comment

But Romer is a 2018 Nobel Prize winner!

No

The prize is called Riksbank [Swedish central bank] prize in economic
sciences in honour of Alfred Nobel. It was abbreviated to Nobel Prize
later. Alfred Nobel was a chemist, engineer, inventor, who liked
blowing shit up (he invented the dynamite). There is no way he would
have authorized giving money to economics which wasn't even considered
a proper science then. Some would argue of course, it still isn't one
now.

Article

In the context of rising emissions, this makes a [hydrogen powered] plane like Element One — designed to create zero-emissions — absolutely transformative. The aircraft would use ultra-light hydrogen fuel cells (stored either as a gas or liquid) to tackle the industry-wide challenge of battery density not matching traditional fuel density (in other words the weight of batteries needed to power aircraft could be overwhelming).

Right

Battery based electric plane (with battery enough for hours of flight) would require battery so big it'd have trouble taking off.

Question

But I heard battery based electric plane mentioned in Iron Man 2!

Yes

That was the E. Musk cameo wasn't it.. Fine. And I saw an Atari [ad](borregas_syd_mead_bladerunner_1.jpg) in
80s Bladerunner. Was Atari the future...?

It's just a movie.

Question

How about that Khabib / McGregor fight?

It was fine

The debacle in the end is not out-of-the-ordinary. Similar
altercations happened before - nothing special there.

But these fights are too slow. I would put a limit to grappling, with
the cage and limitless grappling the matches gravitate away from
real-life scenario, it becomes just a sport. Also Khabib is a good
athlete, but word is he got to title without facing off w too many top
dogs. I watched one of his earlier fights (with Tibau, competent
fighter), he could not do a single take-down - little weird for a
hot-shot wrester. In the end he won by points, which surprised many. I
think "they" (the man behind the scenes) let the kid through because
he looks more hip - he has a "thing" with the hat, backstory, the bear
etc..

It's a show, and shows need marketing. NBA needed to expand in China
all of a sudden Yao is playing in NBA. Did US run out of good
basketball players? No. If someone from your country is playing in the
league you'd be more willing to watch it.

Comment

Immigrants are more productive than natives, as measured by number of
patents

That assumes patents are good measure of innovation

The paper here says otherwise. Wright Brothers made a small
improvement to existing flight tech and patented. Fo da
money.. (blocking further innovation in the field for another 20 years
the paper also says). Immigrants might be "hungrier", hence more
patents because the need for $$$. That doesnt mean they are more
innovative than natives.

Picking talent who can already innovate, or accepting students into
programs / grants that crank out innovators is different. Looking at
broad population, incentives one cannot make the OP's comment
categorically.













