# Q&A - 14/10

Comment

But Romer is a 2018 Nobel Prize winner!

No

The prize is called Riksbank [Swedish central bank] prize in economic
sciences in honour of Alfred Nobel. It was abbreviated to Nobel Prize
later. Alfred Nobel was a chemist, engineer, inventor, who liked
blowing shit up (he invented the dynamite). There is no way he would
have authorized giving money to economics which wasn't even considered
a proper science then. Some would argue of course, it still isn't one
now.

Article

In the context of rising emissions, this makes a [hydrogen powered] plane like Element One — designed to create zero-emissions — absolutely transformative. The aircraft would use ultra-light hydrogen fuel cells (stored either as a gas or liquid) to tackle the industry-wide challenge of battery density not matching traditional fuel density (in other words the weight of batteries needed to power aircraft could be overwhelming).

Right

Battery based electric plane (with battery enough for hours of flight) would require battery so big it'd have trouble taking off.

Question

But I heard battery based electric plane mentioned in Iron Man 2!

Yes

That was the E. Musk cameo wasn't it.. Fine. And I saw an Atari [ad](borregas_syd_mead_bladerunner_1.jpg) in
80s Bladerunner. Was Atari the future...?

It's just a movie.

Question

How about that Khabib / McGregor fight?

It was fine

The debacle in the end is not out-of-the-ordinary. Similar
altercations happened before - nothing special there.

But these fights are too slow. I would put a limit to grappling, with
the cage and limitless grappling the matches gravitate away from
real-life scenario, it becomes just a sport. Also Khabib is a good
athlete, but word is he got to title without facing off w too many top
dogs. I watched one of his earlier fights (with Tibau, competent
fighter), he could not do a single take-down - little weird for a
hot-shot wrester. In the end he won by points, which surprised many. I
think "they" (the man behind the scenes) let the kid through because
he looks more hip - he has a "thing" with the hat, backstory, the bear
etc..

It's a show, and shows need marketing. NBA needed to expand in China
all of a sudden Yao is playing in NBA. Did US run out of good
basketball players? No. If someone from your country is playing in the
league you'd be more willing to watch it.

Comment

Immigrants are more productive than natives, as measured by number of
patents

That assumes patents are good measure of innovation

The paper here says otherwise. Wright Brothers made a small
improvement to existing flight tech and patented. Fo da
money.. (blocking further innovation in the field for another 20 years
the paper also says). Immigrants might be "hungrier", hence more
patents because the need for $$$. That doesnt mean they are more
innovative than natives.

Picking talent who can already innovate, or accepting students into
programs / grants that crank out innovators is different. Looking at
broad population, incentives one cannot make the OP's comment
categorically.













