# Welcome to Software Patents - 1

[Pietern Hintjens](https://github.com/hintjens/swsi)

If you know me, you know that I take my work seriously [..] So imagine
my shock [..] when I discovered first-hand that my lifelong profession
-- building software products and convincing people to give me money
in exchange -- was potentially illegal. Simply sitting down, taking a
clear problem, and solving it step-by-step using my talent and
experience could land me in court [..].

[I]n 2003 my firm received a polite letter from a patent lawyer
representing a firm called AllisBlue, claiming that we were infringing
on the "invention" of storing an email address and mobile phone number
together in a database. We'd spent several years building a product,
something like Twitter, that let people send and receive text messages
in interesting ways. The economy was deep in crisis. We'd put most of
our capital, maybe a quarter of a million Euro, into this product. The
lawyer told us, "stop selling your product, and license our
invention". They didn't sell software. Just the rights to use that
trivial patent.

I called the European Patent Office (EPO) [..] and asked them, "how
can someone patent software?" They answered, "that's not possible in
Europe, it's forbidden by law". What? "Yes, the patent law
specifically excludes data processing." [..]

I contacted the other Belgian wireless application firms, and over the
next months we organized a forum to discuss the issue. Most of them
had also been in touch with AllisBlue. One had already been in
court. It turned out that AllisBlue consisted of, literally, one
pending patent and a million Euro in cash. The money was just there to
litigate [..]

It was scary to see how afraid [a lot of  other] firms were of going to court. AllisBlue had an easy strategy. Rather than attack firms directly, it attacked their clients. It sued a newspaper for using an text message service. The newspaper canceled its service immediately. The firm providing the service turned around and licensed AllisBlue's patents. It never went to a real judge. The simple threat of going to court was more than enough to force these businessmen into unethical deals. They did the math, and it was cheaper to pay off the blackmailer than to stand up to him. AllisBlue didn't make software, so was immune to any counter-attack [..].

Patent law has several filters [supposedly a good thing] for
"low-quality patents". (Oh, don't imagine for a second this is for
your benefit as citizen. Patent law is written by the patent industry
for the patent industry. These filters are just meant to stop general
inflation of patents.) A patent must be new, it must be non-trivial,
and it must not be for software [..] So one firm tried to oppose the
AllisBlue patent by finding examples of existing software that did the
same thing, years before. They failed because the EPO didn't accept
that evidence. . Ah, you see, "prior art" is only valid if it's
documented in a database the patent office will search. Which means
certain academic journals, and previous patents. Since no-one had
patented the AllisBlue "invention" before, it was, in the eyes of the
EPO, "innovative".

Perhaps you're start to see how the patent system creatively redefines
words like "invention" and "innovation", but I'm getting ahead of
myself. Back to the story.

Our own product was barely making money. The mobile operators charged
huge fees just to let us connect to their networks. I figured, if we
pay one patent troll, what stops us being blackmailed by a second, and
a third? I canceled the product, fired the team, wrote off the
investment, and cursed the system [..]

[Then] I spent two years [..] focusing all my time and remaining money
to slow down the patent system's expansion in Europe. It was an
education: today I know more about patent and copyright law than even
most specialized lawyers [..]

Let's explore some figures. I'm writing this in late 2011. In March,
Microsoft paid Nokia about $1 billion for a deal that gave Microsoft
access to Nokia's patents. A little later, HTC bought S3 for $300
million, to get access to S3's patents, mainly because Microsoft and
Apple were attacking it. Then in July, a group of firms (Apple,
Microsoft, Oracle, RIM, Sony, EMC, Ericsson) paid $4.5 billion for a
set of patents from Nortel. Google bid somewhat less, and lost the
auction. In October, Sony paid $1.45 billion for Ericsson's patent
portfolio. Then in November, Google got Motorola Mobility, and its
patents, for $12.5 billion.

What's staggering here is that in 2011, firms paid about $20 billion
for patent rights. In 2010, Apple spent $1.8 billion in R&D. Google
spent about $4 billion. The total for the whole software industry
can't be much more than that $20 billion.

Yet those patents are just for mobile phones, essentially yesterday's
technology. My guesstimate of $20 billion for R&D is mostly for cloud
computing, social networks, and the rest of tomorrow's
infrastructure. The patent wars for one segment of technology are
costing as much as R&D into the future of all software technology
combined.













