# Q&A - 12/7

I still have issues with the baker case.. why could the baker not serve the gay couple?

Here is a good analogy

Imagine you are a Jew. Would you go to a baker who you suspect is a neo-Nazi?

Peter Schiff  makes the point well. Use some common sense; why go to a baker, force him to serve you...? U know he'll shit in there, do all kinds of funky stuff to your cake if you do that. So stay away. C'mon.

Isaac Asimov

[From It's Been A Good Life] About 600 C.E., a Turkish tribe, the
Khazars, lived in what is now southern Russia. They established an
empire that reached its peak about 750 C.E., [and] about that time,
the Khazars adopted Judaism as the stat religion, [probably] to keep
from falling under the influence of either the Byzantine Christians or
the Arab Moslems, who were busily engaged in the first part of their
centuries-long duel.

After 965, the Khazars were through as an organized power, but Judaism
may have remained, and it may well be that many East European Jews are
descended from Khazars and the people they ruled. I may be one of
them.

Ha Ha

So Jews (in this region) chose their religion for *strategic reasons*?
*For convenience*?

They were not that *into it*?

That is really funny. What does that say about the ultra-conservative
Jews today in Israel whose make-up contains a good amount of people
from the Eastern Europe I am sure.

The TR connection is interesting too... for me.

A while ago I saw a genetic lineage paper, it said my peeps are
genetically connected mostly to Brits and Fins in Europe.. It doesn't
matter much of course, culture matters more and that has everything to
do with the land, Anatolia, less to do with some distant jackasses who
came in God knows when, whose effect was diluted over there years. But
I never forgot it..  I subconsciously look for similarities sometimes,
and I find it, but I am sure it is a biased look, simple amusement in
this case.

With Israelis though, there are boat load of similarities, nothing
amusing there. I mean, the way they treat Palestinians are not that
dissimilar from the way my tiggers treat the Kurds... Or treated
Armenians - if not at individual level, certainly at state level.










