# Q&A - 9/7

In the developed world, we need policies that reduce the inequality at
the top. It is sometimes said these are very difficult policies to
devise. I’m not sure that’s true. What we’re really talking about is a
degree of redistribution similar to that experienced in the decades
after the Second World War, combined with policies that prevent the
international rich person’s sport of hiding assets from taxation. This
was one of the focuses of Thomas Piketty’s Capital, and with good
reason. I mentioned earlier that assets and liabilities always balance
– that’s the way they are designed, as accounting equalities. But when
we come to global wealth, this isn’t true. Studies of the global
balance sheet consistently show more liabilities than assets. The only
way that would make sense is if the world were in debt to some
external agency, such as Venusians or the Emperor Palpatine. Since it
isn’t, a simple question arises: where’s all the fucking money?
Piketty’s student Gabriel Zucman wrote a powerful book, The Hidden
Wealth of Nations (2015), which supplies the answer: it’s hidden by
rich people in tax havens. According to calculations that Zucman
himself says are conservative, the missing money amounts to $8.7
trillion, a significant fraction of all planetary wealth. It is as if,
when it comes to the question of paying their taxes, the rich have
seceded from the rest of humanity [..]

Effective legal instruments to prevent offshore tax evasion are
incredibly simple and could be enacted overnight, as the United States
has just shown with its crackdown on oligarchs linked to Putin’s
regime. All you have to do is make it illegal for banks to enact
transactions with territories that don’t comply with rules on tax
transparency. That closes them down instantly.

There

Michael Hudson

[From The Bubble and Beyond, 2012]

Much like in a radioactive decay process, we are passing through the
short-lived and unstable phases of a Bubble Economy and casino
capitalism that now threaten to settle into leaden austerity and debt
deflation.

This situation confronts society with a choice: either to write down
debts to a level that can be paid (or indeed, to write them off with a
Clean Slate), or to permit creditors to foreclose, concentrating
property in their own hands (including whatever assets are in the
public domain to be privatized) and imposing a combination of
financial and fiscal austerity on the population. This scenario will
produce a shrinking debt-ridden and tax-ridden economy.

The latter is the path that the Western nations are pursuing today. It
is the opposite path from that which classical economists advocated
and which Progressive Era writers expected. Their optimistic focus on
technological potential was thwarted by the political stratagems of
the vested rentier interests fighting back against the classical idea
of free markets and economic reforms to free industrial capitalism
from the legacy of medieval and even ancient privileges and
essentially corrosive, antisocial behavior.

This is not a natural or inevitable form of evolution. It is a detour
from the kind of economy and indeed free market that classical
economists sought to create. With roots in the 13th-century Schoolmen
discussing Just Price, the labor theory of value was refined as a tool
to isolate economic rent as that element of price that had no
counterpart in actual or necessary costs of production. Banking
charges, monopoly rent and land rent were the three types of economic
rent analyzed in this long classical tradition. These rentier charges
were seen as unnecessary and exploitative special privileges carried
over from the military conquests that shaped medieval Europe. A free
market was defined as one free of such overhead [..]

Chapter 1 [..] describes the long line of analysis that has recognized
that there are many ways to structure financial markets — productive
rather than parasitic ways. [.. T]his paper describes the tradition of
steering banking systems to finance industrial capital formation with
productive credit. [..]

I was unable to convince the attendees at the Norwegian meeting to
include the financial dimension of industrial reform in their canon,
so this paper is published here for the first time. I had no greater
success in getting commercial publishers to accept the history of
banking and finance that I was writing. [...]

Academically, I ran into the fact that the long tradition
distinguishing between productive and unproductive credit and indeed
the role of debt has been excluded from the economics curriculum. The
anticlassical school has replaced Progressive Era financial analysis
with a happy-face view in which finance only adds to economic activity
by providing credit, never corrodes it with debt — as if one party’s
credit were not another’s debt!

Yes

Comment

They loaded Toy's R Us with debt, they destroyed it

No

TrU was in a bad condition in 2004, an equity firm did a leveraged
buyout, then put that debt on their books. So it was as-if Toy's R
Us went to the bank itself, and took that debt, put it on their own
books. They could not, at the time, apparently, so in a way Bain used
its credit-worthiness to take credit for TrU. From their POV this was
a buy-low sell-high menauver. Ultimately TrU went under but it could
have gone under years ago.

It is sad, of course, TrU had nice stores, kids loved going around in
them.. but things change.. I'd like  to see disco balls and perm hair
making a comeback. Will it happen? Probably not.













