# Q&A - 1/2
As a student activist for the Communist Party, Mr. Tsipras learned that 
the way to get things done was by confronting authority while making 
maximal demands [..]

Mmmm

Financial Times

[D]uring the late 1990s student protests [in Greece]: Many of the students, particularly on the leftist fringes, were pushing for a radical overhaul of the country’s education system. “We didn’t want exams, we didn’t want grades, we wanted an open school,” recalls Matthaios Tsimitakis, an Athens journalist who was one of the student leaders at the assembly.

But not Mr Tsipras. Despite his leftist credentials, Mr Tsipras urged only one demand: withdraw the reforms. Although the protests would grow tense — a teacher was killed in clashes between rival groups in January 1991 — Mr Tsipras, who became one of the main negotiators with the government, held his line. And, three months after they were proposed, the government sacked its education minister and withdrew the reforms. The protests ended.

So he did not make a maximal demand

Comment

[Paraphrasing] In movies like The Matrix where humans are enslaved by artificial intelligence [..]

You had to bring The Matrix into this did you?

Yes, the first movie was pretty standard AI-gone-wild scenario; But if one looks at the entire trilogy, it ended with AI needing humans. Right? MII showed "the one" business was all planned by the machines (Dude! I totally did not get what that Architect guy said maan), then in MII and MIII the bug in the system grew larger, the Smiths keps multiplying...? Finall the machines needed Neo to fix the shit.

Well; it's just a movie anyway. 

News

Bank of England Governor Mark Carney worries that technology will disrupt the banking and financial services industry in just the same way that it has torn apart newspapers, radio and the postal service. His chief concern is [..] "an Uber-type situation [will take place]," as he put it at the World Economic Forum in Davos last week.

The news that foreign currency exchange startup TransferWise has raised $58 million in investment at a valuation of $1 billion proves that Carney is right to worry: Tech startups — or fintech startups, as they're called in Europe — are working as fast as they can to turn traditional banks into the steam-engine manufacturers of the 21st Century.

Why worry? 








at

February 01, 2015















