# Q&A - 18/2

History

At 1814, Britain invaded Washington D.C.. The soldiers went to the White House, the president and his wife had fleed already leaving their lunch on the table. The British soldiers sat down and ate their lunch.

Ha ha

That is hilarious. I bet there was a tad stiff Brit commander there, he sat down on the table took  a few bites, chewed it really quick, and then said something like: "It's a bit overcooked I'm afraid". I'd love to be there to see that scene. 

George W. Bush

There's an old saying in Tennessee [..] that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — 
you can't get fooled again.

How did this man's mind work?

It's a complete mystery to me. 

Blog

If you are a good calculus teacher, your school comes to depend on you [..]

Syntax error

What's said above is so obnoxiously beyond intelligible that I dont even know what to make of it. What the funk does it mean "if you are a good teacher"; the motivation of that sentence is a complete non-sense. The good teacher is already there; he or she is online. There is no if around the concept of availability, presence of quality; there is only the necessity of building a new system around this fact, this new abundance.  

Miles Kimball

The road ahead [on education] is clear: the potential in each student can be unlocked by combining the power of computers, software, and the internet with the human touch of a teacher-as-coach to motivate that student to work hard at learning. Technology brings several elements to the equation:

Customized lessons adapted to each student’s individual learning style at a cost that won’t break the bank
Lectures from some of the most talented instructors in the world [..]
The kind of software motivational tricks that make it so hard for kids to pull away from video games
Flexibility for students to learn at their own pace.


Flexibility is key

.. and so is access. Few decades ago if you want to learn Multivariable Calculus at MIT, you had to go to MIT. Now you simply watch lecture videos from OCW. You dont need any bells and whistles on top of that, really, i.e. digital effects, online quizzing tech interspersed within that video. The availability of that video (and being able to store it,  for offline viewing) is already revolutionary. You want to go get coffee during the lecture, hit pause, and Prof. Denis Auroux will be waiting for you when you come back. How crazy cool is that?














