# Nations and Nationalism - 2

Ernest Gellner

But nationalism has its own amnesias and selections which, even when
they may be severely secular, can be profoundly distorting and
deceptive.

The basic deception and self-deception practised by nationalism is
 this: nationalism is, essentially, the general imposition of a high
 culture on society, where previously low cultures had taken up the
 lives of the majority, and in some cases of the totality, of the
 population. It means that generalized diffusion of a school-mediated,
 academy-supervised idiom, codified for the requirements of reasonably
 precise bureaucratic and technological communication. It is the
 establishment of an anonymous, impersonal society, with mutually
 substitutable atomized individuals, held together above all by a
 shared culture of this kind, in place of a previous complex structure
 of local groups, sustained by folk cultures reproduced locally and
 idiosyncratically by the micro-groups themselves. That is what really
 happens.

But this is the very opposite of what nationalism affirms and what
 nationalists fervently believe. Nationalism usually conquers in the
 name of a putative folk culture. Its symbolism is drawn from the
 healthy, pristine, vigorous life of the peasants, of the Volk, theÂ 
 narod. There is a certain element of truth in the nationalist
 self-presentation when the narod or Volk is ruled by officials of
 another, an alien high culture, whose oppression must be resisted
 first by a cultural revival and reaffirmation, and eventually by a
 war of national liberation. If the nationalism prospers it eliminates
 the alien high culture, but it does not then replace it by the old
 local low culture; it revives, or invents, a local high (literate,
 specialist-transmitted) culture of its own, though admittedly one
 which will have some links with the earlier local folk styles and
 dialects [on the surface].

The transition from agrarian to industrial society has a kind of
entropy quality, a shift from pattern to systematic
randomness. [Industrial society's] territorial and work units are
adhoc: membership is fluid, has a great turnover, and does not
generally engage or commit the loyalty and identity of members. In
brief, the old structures are dissipated and largely replaced by an
internally random and fluid totality, within which there is not much
(certainly when compared with the preceding agrarian society) by way
of genuine sub-structures. There is very little in the way of any
effective, binding organization at any level between the individual
and the total community [..].

But an important point is brought out by stressing the need for this
random-seeming, entropic mobility and distribution of individuals in
this kind of society. Within it, though sub-communities are partly
eroded, and their moral authority is much weakened, nevertheless
people continue to differ in all kinds of ways.  People can be
categorized as tall and short, as fat and thin, dark and light, and in
many other ways. Clearly, there is simply no limit to the number of
ways in which people can be classified. Most of the possible
classifications will be of no interest whatever. But some of them
become socially and politically very important. They are those which I
am tempted to call entropy-resistant.

A classification is entropy-resistant if it is based on an attribute
which has a marked tendency not to become, even with the passage of
time since the initial establishment of an industrial society, evenly
dispersed throughout the entire society. In such an entropy-resistant
case, those individuals who are characterized by the trait in question
tend to be concentrated in one part or on the totality of society. The
rest of this argument can now easily be anticipated: entropy-resistant
traits constitute a very serious problem for industrial society.

