# Why Did Hillary Lose (2016)?

There is a double curveball on this answer. First curveball; Bad
campaigners don't lose primarily because they are bad
campaigners. They lose because they end up getting the nomination in
unfavorable times for their party, when the shinier candidates sit it
out. (Least) bad candidate wins then, and naturally fails to turn it
around with already an immense disadvantage going in (W for 2000 is an
exception).

What defines good or bad times? The three variables of *Time for
Change*; economy, one-term incumbency for the party (are ppl tired of
you?), popularity of the incumbent.

Hillary, not a stellar campaigner, had the nomination during a bad
time (Obama popularity, economy were all meager). Mitt, MccCain, Dole,
are all in the same category, ineffective national campaigners who
ended up with the nomination, McCain after disastrous W for
example.

So we could easily blame Obama for the fuck-up. But there is a second
curveball; Obama's popularity was low, but Hillary, and in the larger
sense, Clintonism had something to do with that. Bama 1st term was
entirely Clintonite, if we go by SecStates as signs, first term was
Hillary second was Kerry, first had war in Libya, second had piece
with Iran, etc. Many Clintonites, Summers, that wretched fuck Rahm,
were all in the first term, gone in the second.

Then the conclusion is Clintonism partially doomed Obama, the dirt
spilled on Hillary, who went on to lose the election. It was fitting
in a way, poetic justice, Clintonism sinking a Clinton.

"But if people are dumb on politics analytically how could they have
connect Clintonism with their bad state?"

They didn't have to. The sins of Clintonism are too numerous to go
into here, but after decades of this stuff people finally started to
feel it, in their pocketbooks, in their communities. And at every
election by simply selecting "the other" because they were always
unhappy, they finally landed with the "ultimate other" who was against
everything, who happened to run against a Clinton who, by poetic
justice, was dealt a blow which actually her husband richly deserved.


"But Obama ran and advertised himself as a change agent, why couldn't he do something different?"

He was too young, too inexperienced, without any power base of his
own, he ran against Hillary during the primary, so maybe he thought he
had to placate them, at least through a cabinet position.  These
Clintons; they are rabid networkers, pests the kind you have to watch
your back for... Other twats might also be understandable bcz the
credit crisis happened in a system that they were largely responsible
for setting up... But then little here, little there... you lose your
soul, turning the change agent into a mere continuation, a middle
manager of sorts (a word directed to him in a radio interview that was
so bothersome Bam had to use the N-word himself to get out from under
it).











