# Q&A - 21/4


The idea of hierarchy has nothing to do with socio-cultural construction [then he goes on to say it is embedded in us, part of our evolution]. 



Untrue



If that were true, hunter-gatherers, who are our ancestors and themselves the result of billions of years of evolution, would be hierarchical. But foragers were completely the opposite, they were egalitarian. I can quote bunch of books here to prove this point but a Wikipedia link should suffice: "The egalitarianism typical of human hunters and gatherers is never total, but is striking when viewed in an evolutionary context. One of humanity's two closest primate relatives, chimpanzees, are anything but egalitarian, forming themselves into hierarchies that are often dominated by an alpha male. ". 



We are not chimpanzees. Not lobsters either (Peterson also alludes to that in the video above). 



Peterson does have some insight on other subjects, how ppl need to take responsibility, how success on job depends not directly on gender, how identity politics is not optimal for a person.. There is some thoughtful analysis there and the man is not a total jackass. But he doesn't have all the pieces. I'd pay attention to him on his area of expertise - Peterson is a clinical psychologist, so here he has lots to say. History, anthropology, not as much.



Question



Some conservatives like him



Yes



JP is being held-up as an intellectual conservative, but the main problem here is what a lot of people think as conservatism is actually village / farm centered goatfucking. Hierarchy, patriarchy, all kinds of exploitation started during farming era. This little fact of course is uncomfortable for a lot of these "conservatives", so they'd rather look for the root of the issue somewhere else.


From the other direction, someone like David Graeber (from the left), who did great work on the history of money and debt, can chose to ignore the division between these two important ages of humanity. I believe he subconsciously wants to blame hierarchy onto "exploitative capitalism", exclusively. He wrote a big article about the non-existence of the said division, I got a wind of it, the funny story here is I  asked Ian Morris what he thought about the article, who kindly responded, said Graeber was cherrypicking data. Then I told Graeber to check his shit, and he lost it and flamed me. True story.



Anyway. Also, there is a huge industrial, second wave aspect to hierarchy as well a la Toffler.  None of that seems to be making it into the conversation. It's all about Russia, lobsters.



News



Democratic Party sues Russia, Trump campaign and WikiLeaks alleging 2016 campaign conspiracy



Ha Ha



When will they get to stage 5 of grief?.. The Russia angle makes tactical sense of course - Trump wanted to partner with Russia, for geopolitical reasons, completely logical, then Dems lose the election, they turned that around and say of course he wants to partner because was bought by Russians. That way you also cover up the fact that you lost, badly,  Democrats tried to be Republicans for too long, ideologically they became useless, defunct. The Russia segue covers all that up, unifies the troops, provides a common enemy. 



News



WikiLeaks will call for a global blockade of Coinbase next week as an unfit member of the crypto community. Coinbase, a large Californian Bitcoin processor, responding to a concealed influence, has blocked the entirely harmless @WikiLeaksShop in a decision approved by management.



Coinbase, Not Cool



Question



When did you appreciate the importance of AI, machine learning, especially of the new tools, deep learning? 



Weather Prediction



I dabbled in many areas of math, especially as it pertains to concrete applications - vision, speech, finance, signal processing.. At one point I looked into weather prediction, but this was after being on a tear of non-stop criss-crossing a wide landscape. So when I came across WP, there is some wonderful math there, maybe I ran out of steam at that point, realized there was such a substantial amount of know-how u'd have to grok to do anything useful especially around numerical computation, I realized in the amount of time I set aside, there would not be enough hours in the day to do it. 



This is when I started to think using AI tools for predicting weather. If AI can reverse engineer functions, and weather is controlled by a deterministic function (literally, there is no element of chance there, just highly nonlinear equations), then new AI tools could learn it from data. This was the time when I started to appreciate the subject much more. 



BTW, weather is chaotic (not random, and climate is neither), an article came out recently that talks about NNs which can learn chaos much better than anything known which could be applied to NWP. Fascinating stuff.



Question



What is the ideal company structure?

Gore Associates



[Link] Management is necessary to goad insufficiently competent (or let's say misplaced) people. Or even sometimes manage an oddball client. So management, process is there to manage an overabundence of suck. Pick any management method, for software there is waterfall, agile, this is the case. Here is an excerpt on agile methods: 




"Interestingly, this is also exactly how non-technical companies (like, say, Chrysler) handled software development. Except they didn't hire the engineers. Instead, they contracted with software consultants, and they'd hand the consultants 2-year project specs, and demanded the consultants finish everything on time plus all the crap the customer threw in and/or changed after signing the contract. And then it'd all fall apart and the contractors wouldn't get paid, and everyone was really miffed.



So some of the consultants began to think: "Hey, if these companies insist on acting like infants, then we should treat them like infants!" And so they did. When a company said "we want features A through Z", the consultants would get these big index cards and write "A" on the first one, "B" on the second one, etc., along with time estimates, and then post them on their wall. Then when the customer wanted to add something, the consultant could point at the wall and say: 'OK, boy. Which one of these cards do you want to replace, BOY?' "



I'd say hire smart people, reduce bureaucracy, hell even HR, which these days, constantly try to get you to "do stuff", the rest will follow. Things need to be as natural, "naturally flowing" as possible. Do not try to recreate an entertaining "village" with all kinds of totems, where ppl pray to cat and dogs and shit, do a little human sacrifice, "socialize". That stage was only a brief time in our evolution. We have been the other thing before that, for much, much longer.









at

April 21, 2018















