# Q&A - 22/4
If we give everyone free college education, that solves a big social problem. It also locks in a price which is ten times too high for no reason. This isn’t fair to the government, which has to pay ten times more than it should. It’s not fair to the poor people, who have to face the stigma of accepting handouts for something they could easily have afforded themselves if it was at its proper price. And it’s not fair to future generations if colleges take this opportunity to increase the cost by twenty times, and then our children have to subsidize that.



You are not locking in anything



I hear people making this mistake on universal healthcare too; Let's say US currently is paying X%s of its GDP to healthcare. Then people ask "but if gov pays that aren't we shifting the burden from one column  to another? Is that fair?". That's not what's happening. With universal healthcare the structure of the system will change; the government as a insurer becomes a major buyer of drugs, a payer to doctors. It can negotiate prices down to negligible amounts. It can take steps to remove "regulatory complexity" (see article) so doctors do not get sued unnecessarily. So that X% percent can go down to Y% which the public will then pay..



Same with college; gov will give a certain amount of money to schools, enough for educational needs, salaries, and the schools will make do with that amount. That could mean schools not being able to invite Milo Yiapowhateverfuckolous, or do other "interesting college culture life events", well fine. Is that a big loss? The previous generation had none of these things, and they turned out fine. Today, we can have cheap computers + Internet! In my school (not a cheap school btw) we had not-too-famous but locally known comedians perform, I bet there was more socially relevant commentary there than whatever some political firebrand might have said. 



(One comedian was this huge guy, he starts with  "hey man, when you first saw me on stage did you think 'look at that big mothe--k--er?.. Or did you think 'look at that fat mothe--k--er?... [pauses a little] or did you think 'look at that big fat mothe--k---er? [laughter]".  So we learned about weight issues in America. Just kidding. But there was some astute observations).



Question



If AI can be useful for businesses can this service be offered as consultancy? 



Yes



In fact Google is fast developing a consulting arm to do just that. These guys will go in with bread-and-butter (for them obviously) new deep neural net methods, and offer solutions for business problems, code them, aaaand also provide the final platform to run those programs  (Google Cloud). In fact consultancy is probably the window dressing for the GC part. 



We hear the emphasis is using most recent methods, deep NN, deep RL, for almost everything [geek] I heard one engineer talk about using reinforcement learning even for industrial optimization problems, in place of simplex and other methods [/geek]. 



Comment



Google is crazy on NNs



Yes



One of the reasons their partnership with Boston Dynamics fell apart was probably G wanted BD to make its robots start from clean slate and "learn" everything they need from data. BD does more straight-forward science / engineering - they'd model all necessary movements one by one, trial and error... So this comes back to functions / reverse-engineering them from data using NN.

Both approaches are fine, but Google wants to rock'n roll, and pursue that other road. 








at

April 22, 2018















