# Q&A - 4/4

If data science / AI / deep learning is about reverse-engineering functions, can that help companies?

Yes

Functions abound in business. Let's take the issue of churn. "Certain amount of my customers leave, stop engaging, why?" There is a function there. Input is the activity, demographics of the customers, output is whether they will churn. The dynamics of the company, product is such that there is a process, a computation that pushes people out the door. "Every customer older than 50 who are from region X, after doing such and such leave with Y probability". We do not know this computation. How do we discover it? You could employ social scientists with math modeling skills to look at the data, come up with the model, test it, tweak it, to find the function that computes when a customer leaves,  once that is understood steps can be taken to contain the damage.

Or we can simply feed the data (past customers who have churned) into DL and watch it approximate that model - then for any customer we could ask "the function" if customer will churn, if yes, maybe a targeted campaign can be organized, users can be enticed to stay more with the site, product, etc. 


A great DL model on churn BTW is here. The discussion on the vagueness of churn was great.

News

YouTube was attacked by a video publisher woman

Odd

The woman was a nut job. Yes - gun control.

There is something odd going on with YouTube lately though, maybe this is a bad time to bring it up, but there is a feeling out there there is some kind of campaign to restrict certain video publishers. I shared a video of this person before (a finance guy talking abt the petrodollar) he complains all of a sudden he was marked in a negative way.  Jimmy Dore complains all the time somehow his subscriptions are being knocked out, they "magically" disappear (the viewers say they subscribe then find out they are not), his ad revenue took a plunge. YouTube might want to check if there is a "splinter cell" of deep state lodged in there, fighting against non-establishment views.

Bernie Sanders

Israel overreacted ... Gaza is a disaster right now

So true

46. That's all I am saying.








at

April 04, 2018















