# Q&A - 9/12

Trump picks climate sceptic Pruitt for environment chief

Not Good

CBS News

People who got their election news on Facebook might have been looking at more fake stories than real ones. Buzzfeed News concluded [..]

Sore Losers

A lot of news outlets are probably pissed to be losing so much revenue to Facebook. That is actually understandable, in a way. I don't believe fake news on FB is a big problem.

TechCrunch

[L]ast night Mark Zuckerberg published a response to accusations that “fake news” on Facebook influenced the outcome of the U.S. election, and helped Donald Trump to win.

The CEO claimed that at least 99% of news content on Facebook was “authentic.” Zuckerberg wrote:

“Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes. The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan view, or even to politics. Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other.”

That's Probably Correct

HuffPost

Italy’s political troubles have deep economic roots. Much of the
media, and the analysts on which it relies, have provided a misleading
narrative on the current political problems in Italy, following
Sunday’s “no” vote on a referendum on constitutional changes. It has
been lumped together with Trump, Brexit, the upsurge of extreme
right-wing, anti-European or racist political parties and “populism,”
― which in much of the media seems to be code for demagogic
politicians persuading ignorant masses to vote for stupid
things. “Stupid things” here is defined as whatever the establishment
media doesn’t like.

Right














