# Tweets - Week 17e

haha

"Earlier in the month, Fauci joked to CNN that Pitt should play him on
the sketch comedy show [SNL]. Saturday Night Live kicked off its
second "At Home" edition with a guest appearance from Brad Pitt, who
took on the role of infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci. "

[Link](https://twitter.com/i/events/1254260903379259393)

*2020-4-26 9:10:34*

---

"@Jkylebass

Working with a senior government official on The Eagle Plan.  It will
immediately deliver $10,000 to all American citizens in exchange for a
1-yr deferral of eligibility for Social Security and Medicare benefits
(from age 67 to 68)"

*2020-4-26 9:10:34*

---

COV: Major improvement East Europe, Finland, Norway. 364K more in 4 days. 

*2020-4-26 9:8:1*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In case anyone is still unaware, the story that dominated US politics for 3+ years was a complete scam, and anyone who peddled it without now acknowledging that fact is a scam artist. <a href="https://t.co/lYQfuIOnZg">https://t.co/lYQfuIOnZg</a></p>&mdash; Aaron Maté (@aaronjmate) <a href="https://twitter.com/aaronjmate/status/1254125897021562881?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-26 8:48:18*

---

"HydroSil is stable and non-toxic and uses the same logistic as
conventional liquid fuels"

[Link](https://hysilabs.com/)

*2020-4-25 21:0:57*

---

[Answer](https://www.thenakedscientists.com/forum/index.php?PHPSESSID=1r9ofdb99kfsoj8sefkhadua81&topic=20992.msg267387#msg267387).
Summary: voltage fluctuate in that case across households -/+ less
amps required within same wattage gives different voltage, since $p =
iv$, and that is okay within a certain window.

Dude said "power used is proportional to voltage squared" which is true. 

$$
v = Ri, \quad p = vi = v \left[ \frac{v}{R} \right] =
\frac{v^2}{R}
$$

Additionally there are ppl running the generators who try to predict
demand on hourly basis so they run turbines on a schedule to generate
energy at acceptable levels.

But IMO gas / pipeline based grids wld be able to regulate themselves
much better. Hell individual homes could store excess H2 energy
themselves in huge amt if they wanted to.

"What happens to [AC] electricity [in the grid] that is not needed"

*2020-4-25 20:11:0*

---

Gas based tranmission is crazy efficient. Let's replace electricity
grid with gas grid.

"Transport of H2 by pipeline exploits the high energy transmission
capacity of H2 (4 to 5 times that of electricity using HVDC
(respectively 27 and 6 GWh/h) and of the same order of natural gas (38
GWh/h)). This high transmission capacity is of particular advantage
for H2 production from RES considering that many of these sources are
far from the major load centres"

[Link](https://setis.ec.europa.eu/system/files/2013TechnologyMap.pdf)

*2020-4-25 19:37:13*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Imagine having Rahm Emanuel as your brother and *you’re* the family asshole <a href="https://t.co/q3QA2WfVYn">pic.twitter.com/q3QA2WfVYn</a></p>&mdash; Derek Davison (@dwdavison) <a href="https://twitter.com/dwdavison/status/1254118221315268608?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-25 19:35:3*

---

How to use sewage net for covid testing.

Guy is right, the search (testing) steps be near log2 bcz you keep
dividing the search space into two, the area gets small very fast. I
guess this is the reverse of exponential growth, a reverse exp
decrease (decay) so to speak.

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/CrowdvBank/status/1254063664191008768)

*2020-4-25 18:41:28*

---

"Green energy could drive Covid-19 recovery with $100tn boost"

[The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/apr/20/green-energy-could-drive-covid-19-recovery-international-renewable-energy-agency)

*2020-4-25 14:56:38*

---

Price is coming down fast for FCs. But I wouldnt worry abt price on
consumer side too much bcz automakers usually include a few years of
fuel with the sale or lease of a vehicle. 

[Link](https://cafcp.org/content/cost-refill)

*2020-4-25 13:28:23*

---

What is a typical battery capacity for bitch BEV? 100 KWh? Hyundai
[Nexo](https://h2.live/en/wasserstoffautos/hyundai-nexo) has H2 tank
capacity of 6.33 kg, the energy density of H2 fuel is 33.3 kWh/kg,
multiply the two you get ~ 210 kWh. 100 vs 210. FC got you beat
son. Nexo can travel 756 km on a full tank BTW. Typical BEV performs
worse, if the bat doesn't lose half its capacity before that due to
"fast charging" and/or simply stops working due to cold or other
"extreme" weather conditions.

"How do battery and fuel-cell capacities compare?"

*2020-4-25 13:26:1*

---

Summary, the issue is debt

The Great Stagnation, Plantenberg: "With interest rates hitting zero,
the Bank of Japan's only way to induce money growth [was] to keep
printing money. But the BOJ has already bought government bonds, and
thus created money, on a large scale. The monetary base has increased
at an annual rate of almost 25 percent over the two years to 2003
.. Yet this has not led to higher growth in broad money. Instead, bank
lending has continued to fall. Banks are reluctant to lend, as they
are already piled up with bad loans, a problem that is only slowly
being overcome. Moreover indebted firms are unwilling to borrow as
long as the deflation environment persists."

*2020-4-25 13:16:2*

---

Betoko - Dance On My Feet \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/xhWjsFwVZiw?t=45)

*2020-4-25 13:4:25*

---

Raining Again · Betoko \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/P_cKas-cwew)

*2020-4-25 13:1:24*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Lyft open-sourced their autonomous driving dataset from its Level 5 self-driving fleet. <br><br>- 55k human-labeled 3D frames<br>- 7 cameras, 3 lidars<br>- HD spatial semantic map: lanes, crosswalks, etc<br>- Drivable surface map<a href="https://t.co/KDvvKRWX2w">https://t.co/KDvvKRWX2w</a> <a href="https://t.co/uvQ8jmw2UG">pic.twitter.com/uvQ8jmw2UG</a></p>&mdash; Reza Zadeh (@Reza_Zadeh) <a href="https://twitter.com/Reza_Zadeh/status/1153745243029700608?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 23, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-25 11:8:54*

---

<img width="240" src="https://media1.giphy.com/media/cF7QqO5DYdft6/giphy.gif"/>

---

Awwww shiit. Rogoff slapped down.

Plantenberg, *Accounting for current account changes*: "With the
current account balance being one of the most important variables of
an open economy, one should expect that its economic determinants are
well understood. Yet, as this paper seeks to demonstrate, this is not
the case. This paper focuses on the most influential theory of the
current account balance, the so-called intertemporal approach to the
current account, and provides empirical evidence that undermines the
theory’s main idea.

The intertemporal approach is an old theory that was popularized in
the 1980s and 1990s. The third volume of the Handbook of International
Economics edited by Grossman and Rogoff (1995) dedicates a whole
chapter to it (Obstfeld and Rogoff, 1995). And at least since the
publication of the authoritative macroeconomics textbook by Obstfeld
and Rogoff (1996), every graduate student attending international
economics classes will have heard of it.

The main idea of the theory is easily conveyed....  Under the
simplifying assumption that domestic agents hold only foreign assets,
this implies that countries with temporarily high incomes will run
current account surpluses and that countries with temporarily low
incomes will run current account deficits.  .. What this paper does is
that it measures across countries to what extent the changes in the
current account are accounted for by changes in national income and
national expenditure, respectively. It then shows that current account
changes do not primarily come about through changes in national
income—as the intertemporal approach would predict—, but instead
through changes in national expenditure"

[Link](http://www.mullerpl.net/econ/)

*2020-4-25 10:42:27*

---

Who says gov cannot advance, innovate

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We replaced standard batteries with hydrogen fuel cells at our Washington, D.C. mail processing facility. This technology increases safety and workplace productivity and reduces greenhouse gas emissions. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/postalfacts?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#postalfacts</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/USPSGreenerThanYouThink?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#USPSGreenerThanYouThink</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/sustainability?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#sustainability</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/earthday50?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#earthday50</a> <a href="https://t.co/K4hcEfDL4s">pic.twitter.com/K4hcEfDL4s</a></p>&mdash; U.S. Postal Service (@USPS) <a href="https://twitter.com/USPS/status/1250029154453598209?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-24 22:4:52*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">chart life <a href="https://t.co/9mSFz3cWZ7">https://t.co/9mSFz3cWZ7</a></p>&mdash; Shit Academics Say (@AcademicsSay) <a href="https://twitter.com/AcademicsSay/status/1253487060914180096?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-24 19:16:38*

---

Sounds innovative. 

"We .. introduced new types of tests .. that has no RNA extraction
stage"

\#hancock \#NHS

*2020-4-24 19:5:50*

---

"A leading Russian microbiologist has claimed the coronavirus is the
result of Wuhan scientists doing 'absolutely crazy things' in their
laboratory"

[Link](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8249875/amp/Wuhan-laboratory-scientists-did-absolutely-crazy-things-alter-coronavirus.html)

*2020-4-24 17:5:34*

---

"Canada: One million respirators acquired from China unfit for coronavirus fight"

*2020-4-24 17:4:44*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Next step for the world against the CCP is for all Belt and Road predatory loans to be cancelled. Uganda, Pakistan, Ethiopia, Nicaragua...they all need to walk away. Let’s call it the CCP Jubilee. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/MakeChinaPay?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#MakeChinaPay</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ChinaLiedPeopleaDied?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ChinaLiedPeopleaDied</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/BeltandRoad?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#BeltandRoad</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/disinfectant?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#disinfectant</a> <a href="https://t.co/a3b2TL1LBI">https://t.co/a3b2TL1LBI</a></p>&mdash; 😷Kyle Bass😷 (@Jkylebass) <a href="https://twitter.com/Jkylebass/status/1253661980650541056?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-24 17:3:40*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Interesting work for long game. But what it reveals is why KPMG Survey of OEM Exec say <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> are game-changer for EVs. Supply chain + mfg: No lithium mining. or shipping mineral mat&#39;l. FCs are bipolar plates with polymer coatings. Lower risk. Less cost/mass. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytwitter?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytwitter</a> <a href="https://t.co/3dJsJ8BsWm">https://t.co/3dJsJ8BsWm</a></p>&mdash; Garry Golden (@garrygolden) <a href="https://twitter.com/garrygolden/status/1253674118945349632?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-24 17:1:0*



