# Tweets - Week 19f

Exchange rate doc - more graphs

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/06/exch.html)

*2020-5-8 17:44:45*

---

"@MaartenvSmeden

Depressing to read so many COVID-19 prediction modeling studies done
extremely poor. To lift my mood I’ll start singing about it! My new
band is called Rage Against the Machine Learning"

*2020-5-8 17:44:45*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Many animals have &#39;integrated gyroscopes&#39; that allow them to keep their heads fixed on a spot despite body motions <a href="https://t.co/3dDswIyDwN">https://t.co/3dDswIyDwN</a> <a href="https://t.co/J3QBtL1rzi">pic.twitter.com/J3QBtL1rzi</a></p>&mdash; Massimo (@Rainmaker1973) <a href="https://twitter.com/Rainmaker1973/status/1258765698547023875?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-8 17:41:33*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">FuelCell Energy Platforms reach a monumental milestone in the production of 10 Million Megawatt-Hours of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleanenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleanenergy</a> from its innovative SureSource installations across 3 continents.Our <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> enable the world to live a life empowered by <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleanenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleanenergy</a>! <a href="https://t.co/e2qFFZzkdQ">https://t.co/e2qFFZzkdQ</a> <a href="https://t.co/lksaWKf5dk">pic.twitter.com/lksaWKf5dk</a></p>&mdash; FuelCell Energy (@FuelCell_Energy) <a href="https://twitter.com/FuelCell_Energy/status/1258767679890038784?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-8 17:36:56*

---

NYT same article

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2020/05/08/business/08reuters-health-coronarivus-hydrogen-analysis.html)

*2020-5-8 17:27:24*

---

Reuters: "Hydrogen has long been touted as a clean alternative to
fossil fuels. Now, as major economies prepare green investments to
kickstart growth, advocates spy a golden chance to drag the niche
energy into the mainstream of a post-pandemic world.

Green hydrogen was pushed to the fore last week when Fatih Birol, head
of the International Energy Agency, said the technology was "ready for
the big time" and urged governments to channel investments into the
fuel"

[Link](https://www.yahoo.com/news/green-hydrogens-time-come-advocates-060450891.html)

*2020-5-8 17:25:53*

---

Marcus: "BEV people lie when they say 'infrastructure for EVs' already
exists. It doesn't. The grid is not cheap to extend + or balance. BEV
folks ignore system level costs. Hydrogen EV refueling model is
cheaper"

*2020-5-8 13:18:44*

---

"@physorg_com

Surfaces that grip like gecko feet could be easily mass-produced"

*2020-5-8 13:17:49*

---

EU’s Energy Cief Simson: "Central to energy system integration is the
deployment of new fuel sources... This has the potential to be a game
changer,” Simson said. “It could act as an enabler, especially for the
hard-to-decarbonise sectors like heavy industry and transport”.

Molecular energy carriers – or gases – are easier to use in sectors
like heavy-duty transport where the weight of batteries makes
electrification inconvenient. Molecules are also used as a feedstock
for industries like steel-making or fertiliser production"

[Link](https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy-environment/news/hydrogen-will-be-central-to-energy-system-integration-eu-says/)

*2020-5-8 13:15:32*

---

He did well in PMQ as well. Looking more like a closer every day.

"@George_Osborne

The Labour Leader writing in the Daily Telegraph on VE Day tells you
one thing - this guy is going to do everything he can to win"

*2020-5-8 11:42:50*

---

Finkel: "I want my phone to take my complex questions, interpret them
locally without ever seeking advice from a cloud-based server, and
then anonymously reach out to the cloud to get the answers to what I
need.

AI on my device, not in the cloud...

In fact, I know we have the capacity to ‘make it so’.

Last year, I attended a government summit called Techtonic hosted by
Minister Karen Andrews.

It was there I first learned about Home Guardian, an Australian
company with a very simple system that has the potential to
revolutionise the aged care, disability and hospital sectors.

Using a world-first artificial intelligence device, Home Guardian uses
sensors to monitor movement. It alerts carers or family members, via
text message, if an unexplained fall occurs – all without being
connected to the internet, without consulting an external server,
without compromising privacy.

AI on my device, not in the cloud"

[Link](https://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/technology/ai-on-my-device-not-in-the-cloud/news-story/e233fc805051346cd828c0794b0b7a6a)

*2020-5-8 10:51:7*

---

AU Chief Scientist Finkel: "When I use my iPhone, I say 'Siri, call my
wife, Elizabeth Finkel'. And Siri very happily replies 'calling
Elizabeth Finkel'.

And it works really well, unless of course I am in an underground car
park. In that case, Siri goes silent before sheepishly saying “Uh oh,
I’m having trouble connecting”.

What this tells me is that the speech processing is not being
performed on my iPhone.

Instead, my instruction goes to a server – a gigantic computer in the
United States – that processes my words and sends them back to my
iPhone as digital instructions rather than the original audio.

Nearly everything you do on your smartphone is stored, deconstructed
and analysed by servers devoid of any morals"

[Link](https://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/technology/ai-on-my-device-not-in-the-cloud/news-story/e233fc805051346cd828c0794b0b7a6a)

*2020-5-8 10:49:17*

---

"Germany’s 83rd hydrogen station opens..  H2 Mobility, along with its
partners Shell and Air Liquide, has opened Germany’s 83rd hydrogen
refuelling station in Dortmund in the North Rhine-Westphalia region"

*2020-5-8 10:4:54*

---

"@fuelcellsworks

APA Group Receives 2 Million dollar Funding for Renewable \#Hydrogen
Energy Trial in Queensland--1.1 dollar million in funding from the
Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA)"

*2020-5-8 9:58:57*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Energy Observer’s First Transatlantic Passage a Complete Success-Thanks to the optimised synergy of her new <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> system developed with Toyota achieved unprecedented level of performance-<a href="https://t.co/f4vTc1nIPH">https://t.co/f4vTc1nIPH</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/energy_observer?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@energy_observer</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://t.co/2a8hcmmmqU">pic.twitter.com/2a8hcmmmqU</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1258647822913556481?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-8 9:57:48*

---

"@Airbus

In April 2020 we logged 9 net orders - taking our total net orders for
2020 to 299 aircraft so far. Last month also marked the delivery of 14
jets"

*2020-5-8 9:56:21*

---

Wow. Some Indian students stuck in UK with no money no food?

[Link](https://youtu.be/UAdpK-Sigiw)

*2020-5-7 22:1:55*

---

Roubini: "Market expectations of a quick recovery are "far-fetched"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/BloombergTV/status/1258413393662431234)

*2020-5-7 20:6:34*

---

Nel reiterates positive long-term outlook in Q1 2020 results

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/nel-reiterates-positive-long-term-outlook-in-q1-2020-results/)

*2020-5-7 19:1:25*

---

