# Tweets - Week 24f

"@linseymarr

Excellent work by NBACC showing that aerosolized virus decays rapidly
in sunlight: 90% gone in 6 min in summer"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/linseymarr/status/1271282777451892738)

---

Bundestagsabgeordneter. Right on dude.

---

Excellent. Lead. Top-down, not bottom-up.

"The House Financial Services Committee (FSC) Task Force on Financial
Technology will be evaluating how FedAccounts and other digital tools
might help the federal government distribute stimulus payments to help
Americans suffering the economic fallout of COVID-19. The virtual
hearing kicks off at noon Eastern (16:00 UTC)"

[Link](https://www.coindesk.com/watch-us-lawmakers-will-talk-digital-dollar-fedaccounts-in-thursday-hearing)

---

Blacksplaining!

Just kidding.. 

"@thEMANacho

Dear white people, For days you’ve asked me what you can do to help. I’ve finally found an answer"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/thEMANacho/status/1267609472589090816)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">How do u pass a law named after a person and dont arrest the people who killed her <a href="https://t.co/4MO7B2nvwU">https://t.co/4MO7B2nvwU</a></p>&mdash; thunderr (@thunderthundr) <a href="https://twitter.com/thunderthundr/status/1271234293319303176?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 12, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"You keep on learning and learning, and pretty soon you learn
something no one has learned before" -- Feynman

---

"Stop Training Police Like They’re Joining the Military"

[Link](https://www.defenseone.com/ideas/2020/06/stop-training-police-theyre-joining-military/166071/)

---

That's right. He probably saw foraging soc who had no need for it. You
get pagan religion if u r a peasant, worshipping bones, ancestors, and
fucking a sheep on the side. Then you need religion as politics
against the landowner class, mafia empires, against inequality. Wout
these two things why the need for religion? Arent u already in Eden?

"Beyond the fact that they have no church, no religion, and are not
idolaters, what more can I say?” -- Vespucci on Native Americans

---

"If liberty means anything at all it means the right to tell people
what they do not want to hear." -- George Orwell

---

"DOE marking $30M toward solid oxide fuel cell & hydrogen production
R&D for power generation"

[Link](https://www.power-eng.com/2020/06/01/doe-marking-30m-toward-solid-oxide-fuel-cell-hydrogen-production-rd-for-power-generation/#gref)

---

Well that's the job isn't it? Random ass kicking

"@mdslock

NYPD lieutenant apologizes for kneeling alongside George Floyd
protesters 'The cop in me wants to kick my own ass.'"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">THAT&#39;S WHAT THEY&#39;RE APOLOGIZING FOR??<a href="https://t.co/cdAogmeK7N">https://t.co/cdAogmeK7N</a></p>&mdash; Jamaal Bowman (@JamaalBowmanNY) <a href="https://twitter.com/JamaalBowmanNY/status/1271111354263404544?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 11, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

From the man himself..

Later he had a kirkuffle w Putin, the word is he is now in Ukraine
seeking payback.. . 

[Link](https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/06/11/abolish-police-georgia-brutality-crime/)

---

*The Atlantic*: "As extraordinary as the decision by the Minneapolis
City Council was, the prospect of dismantling a police force—even one
with tens of thousands of officers—isn’t novel. In the Republic of
Georgia, it has already been done. At the turn of the 21st century,
Georgia was one of the most corrupt places on Earth. Bribery in the
country, which lies in the Caucasus and shares a border with Russia,
was rampant, and its police force, which was both a beneficiary and an
enforcer of the system, was widely distrusted. So endemic was the
issue that when a new government came to power in 2004, it determined
that the country’s police force was too corrupt to be fixed. So its
leaders decided to abolish the force entirely, sacking about 30,000
officers. Then it began the three-year process of hiring a smaller,
better trained—and, crucially, corruption-free—police force to replace
it"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2020/06/america-police-violence-germany-georgia-britain/612820)

---

"Australian PM on China tensions: country won't trade values in
response to 'coercion'"

---

"@xSt33zy

I fixed it"

[Link](https://twitter.com/xSt33zy/status/1270915996946137088)
 
---

To be precise it is survival, which trumps emotion, but I get what u
mean

"@leashless

The emotion which rules this world is fear of poverty. It is behind
all other masks"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr">!!! <a href="https://t.co/DGlUXN2v1L">https://t.co/DGlUXN2v1L</a></p>&mdash; Marc Lamont Hill (@marclamonthill) <a href="https://twitter.com/marclamonthill/status/1270692073017139201?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@jmartNYT

NEWS: [LeBron] @kingjames is finally taking the plunge into
politics. He and a handful of athletes and entertainers are starting a
new group to protect black voting rights"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Rabbit emerges from the ocean. The world has officially gone mad <a href="https://t.co/fAvDbvnyfh">pic.twitter.com/fAvDbvnyfh</a></p>&mdash; Science is Amazing (@AMAZlNGSCIENCE) <a href="https://twitter.com/AMAZlNGSCIENCE/status/1270995994491015173?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 11, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A foot on the accelerator for fuel cell technology! Michelin and <a href="https://twitter.com/SymbioFCell?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@SymbioFCell</a> selected as preferential (and proud!) partners of the <a href="https://twitter.com/MissionH24?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@MissionH24</a> program for the development of fuel cell power in motor racing! <a href="https://t.co/yIsuxhPVpa">https://t.co/yIsuxhPVpa</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/GreenGTOfficiel?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@GreenGTOfficiel</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/Total?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Total</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/24hoursoflemans?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@24hoursoflemans</a> <a href="https://t.co/duXKpWmpo8">pic.twitter.com/duXKpWmpo8</a></p>&mdash; Michelin (@Michelin) <a href="https://twitter.com/Michelin/status/1270742596894298113?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Employees are not exactly "100% capitalist" just because they work in
a company. Various departments in a comp are not fully exposed to the
ups and downs of the "outside", the market. They have certain amt of
manpower, certain things they can do, they schedule and do them,
mostly in a routine. Yes, like a bureucracy (The B-word). IT, HR,
Finance, Sales, etc.. these are all bureucracies within companies.

---

Motherfucker realizing ignorance was bliss

---

"@HislopMD

Doctors are AMAZED at these 10 ways to BOOST your immune system:

The Polio vaccine

The Mumps vaccine

The Rubella vaccine

The Tetanus vaccine

The Measles vaccine

The Varicella vaccine

The Hepatitis vaccine

The Pertussis vaccine

The Diphtheria vaccine

The Pneumonia vaccine"

---

Word is Italians and TR are on one side, and everyone else on the
other in Libya... Descendants of Rome I and III? This probably won't
end well.

---

Deleted a quant repo I had published a while back. Was quite popular
too. Removed all its local backups, so now code will now survive
through its clones out there in hyperspace. 

---

"@ANativeAngeleno

This is a big deal. The game is on, and the Germans are betting
big. How will California compete in this energy transition?

'German cabinet approves hydrogen strategy, sets 14 TWh (Terrawatt
hour) target by 2030'"

---

Please dont sing lullabies 

---

Oh no

"@MarlowNYC

regret to inform you the celebs are at it again"

[Link](https://twitter.com/STOPFLEXIN/status/1271102991748259841)

---
