# Tweets - Week 29c

"@EnergyHy2

Hyperion XP-1 : la supercar √©lectrique fonctionnant √† l‚Äôhydrog√®ne"

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/1283635515842011136/xgW3JSN6?format=png&name=small"/>

---

The Independent: "Joe Biden opens up biggest national poll lead over
Trump since securing nomination as independents abandon president"

---

Deutsche Well: "EU, India move closer to free trade deal"

---

The Guardian: "Hopeful news about a Covid-19 vaccine developed by US
government researchers and Moderna Inc has buoyed expectations"

---

Very important, that "win". Signified a beginning of an era. 

The Atlantic: "Nevertheless, [Ingraham] still occasionally reconfirms,
on her television programs or in public speeches, the main thing I
associated her with in the 1990s: a devotion to Ronald Reagan and
Reaganism, the same devotion that would have been shared, back then,
by all of those people at Brock‚Äôs cocktail party [with other neo
muckers]. Or perhaps devotion to Reagan is a bit too specific. What
really held that group together‚Äîand what drew me to it as well‚Äîwas a
kind of post‚ÄìCold War optimism, a belief that 'we had won,'"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/07/laura-ingrahams-descent-into-despair/614245/)

---

"@H2Standard

Introducing \#hydrogen to microgrids solves the problem of seasonal or
long-term storage that batteries cannot provide. It is the crucial
jigsaw piece for 100% green microgrids" a benefit that has value to
communities devastated by disasters @Forbes"

[Link](https://www.forbes.com/sites/kensilverstein/2020/07/12/hydrogen-may-be-the-crucial-jigsaw-piece-for-green-microgrids/#14ea096a5a74)

---

"@fabynou

Randy has released the source code of DOOM on SNES ...

What amazes me is that Randal never had access to the original
assets/source Nor did he get SuperFX documentation. He worked on it
from the metal and then negotiated a license deal with id"

---

Senate Democrats‚Äô Machine Spent $15 Million To Destroy Progressive Primary Candidates

[Link](https://sirota.substack.com/p/senate-democrats-machine-spent-15)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">3D printing without plastic? Meet the intern mixing simulated Moon dust and algae at <a href="https://twitter.com/esa?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@esa</a>&#39;s European Astronaut Centre. It could help form the recipe for a future lunar base üå±üåô<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/blog?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#blog</a> <a href="https://t.co/5OGSAhAu8v">https://t.co/5OGSAhAu8v</a> <a href="https://t.co/wkMsb2VcBT">pic.twitter.com/wkMsb2VcBT</a></p>&mdash; Human Spaceflight (@esaspaceflight) <a href="https://twitter.com/esaspaceflight/status/1283372439498620928?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@vonderleyen

The EU and India must work together on fighting \#climatechange. We
agreed to soon hold the next Climate Change Dialogue, created in
2016"

---

"@SheaCoulee

I paid off a student loan, and my credit score dropped. This shit is a
fucking scam designed to keep us down"

---

"@\_brohrer\_

The deeper I dive into neural networks the less they look like
artfully tweaked optimization and the more they look like a tangle of
hacks under a veneer of backpropagation"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Game on! As Dora said, ‚Äúyes, we can!‚Äù <a href="https://t.co/CLpU7cLqxU">https://t.co/CLpU7cLqxU</a></p>&mdash; Paul Ottolenghi Wennberg (@wennbergcaltech) <a href="https://twitter.com/wennbergcaltech/status/1282874648711950336?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Frakked up

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hey. So just a heads up...Don‚Äôt eat chocolate espresso ice cream right before bed ü•¥ <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FrakMe?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FrakMe</a></p>&mdash; Katee Sackhoff (@kateesackhoff) <a href="https://twitter.com/kateesackhoff/status/1283312686671908865?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@davidsirota

Dear whiney babies: 

Free speech = you get to publicly say what you believe. 

Free speech =/= you get to publicly say what you believe and never face any criticism"

---

Sometimes this is how people trying to talk to me about tech, or
lately politics sounds like ...

[Link](https://youtu.be/weSc9fNfHzk)

---


Got my right mouse "click-key" back. Yes, that is mouse click through
keyboard (I have remapped cert keys to be 'mouse clicks'. It's all
geared for speed...)


Key codes change across models...? So says `xev`.

---

[Unemployment](../../2019/05/stats.md#unempl) 

```
2020-06-01    22.37%
```

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hydrogen is growing in the truck industry in Australia. Trucks have a range of approx 400km and use the same hydrogen tech that powers the fleet of Hyundai Nexo hydrogen cars that will soon be used by Government in Canberra.<br><br>Read more here: <a href="https://t.co/AqZeTJD9T4">https://t.co/AqZeTJD9T4</a> <a href="https://t.co/0gYel30nW6">pic.twitter.com/0gYel30nW6</a></p>&mdash; Hazer Group Ltd (@hazergroupltd) <a href="https://twitter.com/hazergroupltd/status/1283174722818244609?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Australia‚Äôs hydrogen strategy has officially landed"

[Link](https://www.energymagazine.com.au/australias-hydrogen-strategy-has-officially-landed/)

---

