# Week 33


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I have the great honor to announce that I’ve picked <a href="https://twitter.com/KamalaHarris?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@KamalaHarris</a> — a fearless fighter for the little guy, and one of the country’s finest public servants — as my running mate.</p>&mdash; Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1293280411150217219?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 11, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

👍 👍 👍 

---

"Abolish CIA & FISA... At home, the Agencies are partisan institutions
illegitimately focused on setting national policy. Abroad, Agencies
untied to specific operational concerns are inherently dangerous and
low-value"

[Link](https://americanmind.org/essays/abolish-the-cia/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Robotics skills in high demand post-Corona <a href="https://t.co/AYySWsnvMn">https://t.co/AYySWsnvMn</a> <a href="https://t.co/Gq10cssocR">pic.twitter.com/Gq10cssocR</a></p>&mdash; Control Design (@Control_Design) <a href="https://twitter.com/Control_Design/status/1293261945668337664?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 11, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@FritzKM

\#Resilient \#fuelcell powered microgrids once again maintained power
for customers during the recent \#hurricaneIsaias grid
outages. \#EnergyPolicy should support these microgrids across the
US"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">With an already record fast start and forecasters predicting a very active <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hurricane?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hurricane</a> season, <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energy</a> resilience is becoming an issue business leaders can no longer afford to neglect – both from a strategic and cost perspective. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/isaias?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#isaias</a> Learn more: <a href="https://t.co/Igw7A9ceFB">https://t.co/Igw7A9ceFB</a> <a href="https://t.co/PG6eDURIKV">pic.twitter.com/PG6eDURIKV</a></p>&mdash; Bloom Energy (@Bloom_Energy) <a href="https://twitter.com/Bloom_Energy/status/1291509748244848640?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Proton Motor Power Systems Receives New Fuel Cell Order from <a href="https://twitter.com/Shell?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Shell</a> Energies--<a href="https://twitter.com/ProtonMotor?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@ProtonMotor</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Fuelcell</a> hybrid system intended to power Shell’s own line of portable <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> refueling units for buses and trucks-<a href="https://t.co/Q2mIl65mbr">https://t.co/Q2mIl65mbr</a> - <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a>@fuelcellsworks</p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1292820265374756865?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

From the ACC novel abt a Titan colony, 23rd century.. The comm issue
would be real. No Zoom calls with Saturn 

A. C. Clarke: "It might have been different if the velocity of light
were infinite; but it was a mere billion kilometers an hour—and
therefore, real-time conversation would be forever impossible between
Earth and anyone beyond the orbit of the Moon. The global electronic
village which had existed for centuries on the mother world could
never be extended into space; the political and psychological effects
of this were enormous, and still not fully understood"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This article is so great:<br><br>“We’re going to sell the living heck out of hydrogen to everybody,” Milton said. “Our stations are not just for us. We’re not just going to sell our location. We’re going to distribute it to others”<a href="https://twitter.com/nikolatrevor?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@nikolatrevor</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/nelhydrogen?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@nelhydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/oeffWm7wQK">https://t.co/oeffWm7wQK</a></p>&mdash; Bjørn Eng (@H2Bjorn) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2Bjorn/status/1292819117062402048?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Demonstrative, To the point, running, skeletal example code is worth
its line count in diamonds.

---

Another one for <250 LOC. 2D, but still..

---

Have a major fluid dynamics simulation running with <500 LOC C++
SPH. Only API calls are for graphics, the rest is physics. Fine
approach.

---

SPH is awesome 

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Thought I share a little preview of what I am currently working on. This is called Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics it makes Spheres act like Fluid - no colliders, no rigidbody, just Math &amp; Physics.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/unity3d?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#unity3d</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/MadeWithUnity?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#MadeWithUnity</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/gamedev?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#gamedev</a> <a href="https://t.co/Q0YQIu6A9s">pic.twitter.com/Q0YQIu6A9s</a></p>&mdash; Kristin (@itsKristinSrsly) <a href="https://twitter.com/itsKristinSrsly/status/1142852907152412672?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 23, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

This rule is ironclad. Other rules in scifi can be bent or broken, not
this one.

---

Another one; If there is an evil twin in the other universe, he must
have the goatee. We know that. [Here](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-h4xCSLl0L_M/Tuoepd3YEZI/AAAAAAAAMRY/oFwqSTR_XSw/s1600/spock.jpg)

But the real rule is "reverse-facial-hair" rule. So if you have goatee
in this universe, then your evil twin must have no goatee in the other
universe. Example below, Trek DS9.

<img width="240" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EfE9XlnXoAIzcYT?format=png&name=small"/>

---

Scifi audience loves "weapons at maximum". Have to have weapons at
maximum, the captain needs to say that explicitly.

---

Haha saw a Blue Screen of Death at a Zara while passing by. Patch your
Windows 95 dude

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EfE4PjHXkAE4vn5?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

That's right. We fast.

"@mesetatron

I once worked with a South African #programmer who used #linux in TTY
only (no x server), `tmux`, `emacs`. He was moving through code so
fast, I couldn't even see what he was doing"

---

"@NPR

Delta has banned 100 anti-maskers from taking their flights — and even
gone a step further by adding them to a 'no fly' list"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Interesting - and recent - moment in the emergence of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> energy: articles focusing on the financial topic are increasing 👇🏻by <a href="https://twitter.com/NehamsChamaria?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@NehamsChamaria</a> for <a href="https://twitter.com/themotleyfool?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@themotleyfool</a> <a href="https://t.co/1TscRh8tDP">https://t.co/1TscRh8tDP</a></p>&mdash; 𝔻𝕠𝕞𝕚𝕟𝕚𝕢𝕦𝕖 𝕃𝕖𝕔𝕠𝕔𝕢 🌏 (@Lecocq_dom) <a href="https://twitter.com/Lecocq_dom/status/1292526738082332672?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"On an otherwise slow news day for fuel cell stocks, Plug Power shook
up the market with an announcement that U.K.-based supermarket chain
Asda will be buying a "turnkey solution" for its warehouse forklift
fleet, including 'fuel cells, hydrogen fueling equipment, hydrogen and
service' from Plug"

[Link](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/08/03/why-hydrogen-fuel-cell-stocks-popped-today.aspx)

---

When you are in 'Nam and Charlie is coming at you from all directions,
you need to conserve your ammo. You don't shoot until you see the
whites of their eyes. Very important. Charlie is smart. He'll come at
you but stop at a distance, right outside rifle range, he wants you to
shoot and waste your ammo. So you wait... You hold! UNTIL YOU SEE THE
WHITES OF THEIR EYES. Only then you shoot.

---

Good going Vietnam

"@wang_seaver

Yes, yes New Zealand is doing great on COVID.

But perhaps we can also spare some praise for, say, Vietnam? Vietnam
maintained a 99-day streak without community transmission of COVID-19,
and it has 19.5x the population, 15x the population density, and
1/15th the GDP/capita of NZ"

---

"@RyseHydrogen

JCB heir Jo Bamford today called on Britain to 'grab hold' of its
'green destiny' and take advantage of the hydrogen opportunity it has"

[Link](https://twitter.com/RyseHydrogen/status/1292727853352706054)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">who can git blame him?</p>&mdash; Meseta (@mesetatron) <a href="https://twitter.com/mesetatron/status/1292736096770519040?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---


John Newman - Love Me Again \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/rH4XNaBUTJs)

---

Nice. *Edge of Tomorrow* ends with a John Newman song, bcz it is abt a
time loop? 👍

---

So if you are really smart about the design of the interlocking parts,
how big of a thing could you 3D print in pieces in a medium size
printer? I wonder... 🤔

---

Now dat I have full-blown Linux, in the large and small, I can go back
to `recoll`.

---

"@Jkylebass

Luo Huining, aka The Butcher of Tibet, was sanctioned with Carrie
Lam(b) by the United States yesterday. He and his family may no longer
travel, own property, or show their faces in the US. He should be
brought up on war crimes charges for his actions In Tibet. The
belligerence of china’s wolf propagandists continues to bring comedy
to diplomacy. Did they think there wouldn’t be consequences to the
abrogation of their contract with the US and the UK? Communism’s rise
will be met with crippling sanctions that will subdue...

The economic growth and prosperity that existed under a democracy that
was governed under English law. We have the upper hand as the world
doesn’t trust china or its Monopoly money and closed capital
account. They have an exposed Achilles heel and the world is
aware"

---

And Brussels might be the worst city I've seen in my life. 

---

Glad Im outa there

"Germany has declared the Belgian port city a 'high-risk area.' For
more than a week, Antwerp has been trying to lower infections – with
curfews and a new established coronavirus test center"

---

Live by the sword die by the sword

"@gerryshih

China at least partially blocks Whatsapp Telegram FB Messenger,
Instagram Twitter, Skype etc so basically all conversations with
people in China are concentrated on WeChat, mostly out of convenience
but also by government mandate. Conversely it now becomes an Achilles
heel"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">bunch of babies &quot;wahh i want a government that doesn&#39;t kill me wahh&quot; that&#39;s how you sound</p>&mdash; See Header (@InternetHippo) <a href="https://twitter.com/InternetHippo/status/1291930847893794816?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">music from the final scene of last of the mohicans playing in my head as i walk into dan murphy’s for the second time in 12 hours</p>&mdash; the irishman* (@mrgracemugabe) <a href="https://twitter.com/mrgracemugabe/status/1291954064146567169?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Lebanon blast was 1/6th of the nuke explosion at Hiroshima"

---

Github contributor is reworking some images. This guy's a f-ing
machine. Receiving a pull request soon.

---

No need for usb cables for photo transfers.. Labtop "on the LAN", with
a little `scp`, after `termux-setup-storage`, phone can send over
files. From well-known dir to another well-known dir, alias it, so it
can be touchscreen typed on phone.

---

Google has completely cornered the market on driver assist /
navigation it looks like. All TR cabbies are on it.

---

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ee1W3q8XYAQk4iG?format=jpg&name=small"/>

via @katiesackoff

---

I dont understand how hobbiest keeps building the small stuff but
never move on to bigger stuf... Model Chinook is awesome. But u know
what's more awesome? A big-ass Chinook!

---

Telling ya, Titan is the shit. Or O'Neil cylinders.

Apparently A. C. Clarke’s novel *Imperial Earth* has some good info.

---

Movie idea, ppl leave Earth in spaceship ready to settle, escaping
apocalyptic scenario, land on Mars and then they are like 'dude it
sucks here let's go back', and they return, use all the tools on
Earth. So it's a very roundbout style of scifi. Indirect.

---

"[T]here is almost nothing that could happen to earth that would make
it less hospitable than Mars. Whether it’s nuclear war or massive
global warming, post disaster earth would be way more habitable than
Mars"

[Link](https://www.forbes.com/sites/modeledbehavior/2017/05/06/sorry-nerds-but-colonizing-other-planets-is-not-a-good-plan/)

---

Dude the *consigliere* as the space hero? No. I understand they tried
the old/young thing but then get B. Willis as the "old guy". See
*Armageddon*. \#deepimpact

---

They blew a bomb, doesnt work, then leave, then  remember, "wait we
have all these other bombs!" 🙄 \#deepimpact

---

Was that J Favreau in there? This is where he must have learned how
not to make a movie! \#deepimpact

---

What a disaster of a movie -- *Deep Impact*.

---

It's good to get in the habit of running `ls` before every `rm`.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I want to tell the story of why I now automate as much as my <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/linux?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#linux</a> environment setup as I can. At some point a scripting error created a folder called &#39;~&#39; which contained a bunch of junk files. Without thinking, I did:<br><br>$ rm -rf ~<br><br>🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/programming?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#programming</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fail?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fail</a></p>&mdash; Meseta (@mesetatron) <a href="https://twitter.com/mesetatron/status/1291741133257601024?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Hah. I guess that should tell you how Americans want to be governed,
Scotus judges are not even elected by the people, they are appointed
by people who are elected by the people. So they are **twice** removed
from the public 😶

"Gallup found that Americans [largely] approved of the [SCOTUS]
justices’ performance"

---

H-a-m-b-u-r-g-a !

😆😆 That was some funny shit \#pinkpanther

---










