# Tweets - Week 28a

Sad

"@DPAQreport

Ghana is offering discounted land to Americans who are tired of
racism. Some are packing their bags"

---

Mind Enterprises - Mont Blanc (Purple Disco Machine Remix)

[Link](https://youtu.be/YVgL5ly88v4?t=72)

---

"[Iceland] had done what it needed to do. People had listened to the
scientists, trusted its leaders, tested widely. If you needed to
quarantine, the government would put you up in a hotel and you would
continue to receive your pay. The country responded in a rational and
robust way and did everything it could to ensure that schools remained
safely open. Iceland was still managing the pandemic, but it had thus
far been successful, and life was continuing mostly as normal"

---

"[NYC] First there were near-constant ambulance sirens and an ominous
feeling that people were suffering and dying all around us. During the
Black Lives Matter protests, the sirens transformed into police
sirensâ€”a new kind of ominous. Low-flying police helicopters and
fireworks kept the children up at night".

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/07/we-returned-normal/613780/)

---

Next step: use a few teachers' recordings, fire the rest. 

---

It will work if you flip the class. Record teacher, deliver online.

"But online ed doesnt work"

---

"@MatthewPStewart

Harvard University has told all students to move out of the dorms by
Sunday. They will likely not return for the rest of the semester and
all classes are to be taught online"

---

â€œBut when people find lower-risk ways to enjoy their lives, thatâ€™s
actually a public-health win. 'The beach shaming is especially terrible
because, so many months in, we now know that the virus spreads most
readily indoors, especially in unventilated, crowded spaces, and even
more so in such spaces where people are talking or singing without
masks.

---

"@johnpauldickson

Thesis: the average 18 year old student in, say, York in AD 800 (the
middle of the so-called "Dark Ages") had read more, knew more
languages, was better trained in logic, could read more music, knew
more mathematics and astronomy than the average student from a
university today"

---

Omne malum facit Latine sonus

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr">Spanakopita <a href="https://t.co/DSe6Ou79n1">pic.twitter.com/DSe6Ou79n1</a></p>&mdash; Carlos Tadeu Panato (@comedordexis) <a href="https://twitter.com/comedordexis/status/1279435600811220993?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---


"@kgrindrod

This morning I submitted yet another refusal to do a peer review by
saying 'I cannot review this as I do not have childcare during the
pandemic.' I canâ€™t do anymore unpaid labour"

---

"@FuelCellPilot

Researchers say they have developed a titanium metal alloy capable of
storing surplus electricity in the form of #hydrogen much more cheaply
than li-batteries. Aim is for fridge size household batteries that
would allow grid independence"

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EcGlDktXkAIFVC_?format=png&name=small"/>

[Link](https://twitter.com/FuelCellPilot/status/1279485871536967684)

---

"@itsJeffTiedrich

Mexico has closed its border with the United States and my irony
detector just fucking exploded"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I was today years old when I found out Eddie Murphy released a whole reggae album a few years ago <a href="https://t.co/1W2n2HZPmV">pic.twitter.com/1W2n2HZPmV</a></p>&mdash; Marcus (@STOPFLEXIN) <a href="https://twitter.com/STOPFLEXIN/status/1279149533574946818?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 3, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Countries in and around Europe with lots of sunshine can do well in
this econ. Spain, Greece, Italy, Anatolia... Export energy as H2 to
the rest of the world.

"Currently, the European hydrogen economy has a turnover of â‚¬2
billion. The ECâ€™s has set an ambitious goal of â‚¬140 billion by
2030. Besides the obvious geopolitical and technical advantages, some
140.000 jobs could be created along the way.

Although previously similar efforts have been made, strong support
from EU institutions in Brussels and several national governments make
a convincing case concerning the hydrogen strategy. Germany recently
unveiled aÂ â‚¬9 billionÂ plan to set up its hydrogen economy"

[Link](https://oilprice.com/Alternative-Energy/Fuel-Cells/A-Look-At-Europes-Ambitious-140-Billion-Hydrogen-Plan.amp.html)

---

"@ScottHech

Ask any public defender & theyâ€™ll tell you. Police lie every day. Not
just sometimes. Not just some police. All police. Routinely. Not only
are there no consequences, lying is incentivized. The more arrests,
the more promotions. Lying is a winning strategy"

[Why Blue Lies
Matter](https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-oped-blue-lies-matter-20200703-sgs6rzgidfaztp25jfv3x2iuta-story.html)

---

David McKay.. cant say enough how shortsighted that son of a bitch
was... His climate book is full of hot air. 

---

"@RyseHydrogen

Great to hear Prime MinisterÂ @BorisJohnsonÂ committing to "invest
massively in hydrogen" at PMQs this week"

---

@ScienceChiefAu

TheÂ \#scienceÂ is in: reading to a child is one of the best ways to
support their learning"

---

"@EricFeurer

Me and the boys are grabbing some $23 burgers, our waiter is dressed
like an army medic, weâ€™re sitting at a table in the street, cars are
screaming past us, life is good"

---

I actually do like Snyder movies, even the Bat vs SM. Why go emo on
the former, w Patterson, or Patman? Afflect was good.

---

Hey this is a great idea \#starwars

[Link](https://youtu.be/DvPAhn1CTw0?t=426)

---

"@ElectronComm

PLUG is already at $5/kg #hydrogen in some US regions"

---

"@alexcutler247

PLUG Hydrogen is already cheaper than Diesel and will slowly but
surely push its ways to competing with Gasoline"

---

Ninetoes - Volar La Pluma \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/9VFza7Y1ZgM)

---

Some interesting answers..

"@Juleshortstuff

If games are a form of escapism, where is my 1st person game where I
run off to a cozy cabin in the woods and pick berries and bake bread
to sell at a nearby market and befriend the townsfolk and wildlife and
have 30 dogs and cats and live a simple peaceful life?"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/Juleshortstuff/status/1278821359121039360)

---

I bet quadchoppa became big because most work is done at control level
and that control, though excessive in terms of compute, can be done
through simple PID coding ('tuning' means finding constants for the
PID of the choppa).

---

<img width="340" src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcSl04eDjK30ZljRG8WOHrTI1p-UlxTROm1Vpw&usqp=CAU"/>

---

Actually if u make it an artificial island, floating and can move,
even submergable in case of emergy, I'll pay double.

---

Do you take pregistrations? Wanna move

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/SouthKorea?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#SouthKorea</a>ðŸ‡°ðŸ‡· plans to build at least 2 &quot;<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> cities&quot;. The main fuel source will be hydrogen (heating/cooling, transportation and electricity). It wants to increase the number of hydrogen vehicles to 850000 and build an effective network of hydrogen charging stations by 2030 <a href="https://t.co/2hL5u8tJHK">pic.twitter.com/2hL5u8tJHK</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogfan (@hydrogfan) <a href="https://twitter.com/hydrogfan/status/1279015899220127744?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 3, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

