# Week 37


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">NEW THREAD: Spain&#39;s plan is to kickstart hydrogen in transport, marine, planes &amp; rail industries is there to reduce GHG emissions by 4.6 Mtons of CO2 from 2020-2030 with a framework for Net Zero GHG to 2050. Click to download document (in Spanish): <a href="https://t.co/vfx9xY7hdx">https://t.co/vfx9xY7hdx</a></p>&mdash; Ricardo Carmona and NGVs (@Ricardo_NGV) <a href="https://twitter.com/Ricardo_NGV/status/1302844218117939200?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@edoloughlin

My youngest hacked our Netflix parental code. She put light grease on
the remote and got me to input the code when she wasn’t looking. Then
she noted the numbers I’d pressed and went through the combinations
later. I’m both frightened and impressed"

---

"@davidsirota

Find a life partner as loyal to you as Andrew Cuomo is loyal to his big donors

'Tax the Ultrarich? Cuomo Resists, Even With a $14 Billion Budget Gap -- nytimes.com'"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It definitely has a 2019 vibe to it!</p>&mdash; Pippa Crerar (@PippaCrerar) <a href="https://twitter.com/PippaCrerar/status/1302879949175558145?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@alexdante

we rightly get outraged at the heartless ghouls who want to sacrifice
lives for their stonks but we should definitely reserve some of that
for the absolute moral black holes who are angrily demanding
everything re-open because they're missing their sportsballs"

---

Mass Surveillance - Complete Cycle \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/NFRNKkDQCV0)

---

Contradiction, again... Bernie's entire candidacy was about left being
more distint from the right. 

"I supported Bernie during the 2020 primary"

"I dont want strong divisions between parties"

---

I maintain that whatever delusions they might have, on gold, the world
order, libertards (distinct right) should be in charge of the
Republican Party. I shared this previously in a tweet;

>It is illegal to inhabit a tiny home in most populated areas of
>the U.S. The housing industry and the banks sustaining it spent much
>of the 1970s and 1980s pushing for larger houses to produce more
>profit per structure

Would this happen under a libertard? They are for any kind of
commerce, large or small, right? There you go, even a goldcuck could
fix some problems in US where corporatist sluts **create** them.

---

This is a contradiction in terms. If you want strong ideology 4 your
side, you should accept it on the other side as well.  Maybe Lyin Ted
is the wrong guy for that, who knows, his father killed JFK and his
wife is ugly, but on principle someone with strong convictions should
be acceptable.

"I want strong, distinct left"

"I don't want an ideologue on the Rep side like Ted Cruz"

---

Hotel Daniels - Lalo Schifrin \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/GOwOzB62AFs)

---

Rules of supply-demand does not apply to US dollar in the
international arena. This is the part libertards dont understand. They
think increased supply = less price. But dollar is in demand bcz of US
backing it militarily, and ppl need it to do other things with it, not
bcz of some intrinsic value and price has to reflect the balance
demand / supply on that "value".

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Uh oh...<a href="https://t.co/eVi5oMc0KU">https://t.co/eVi5oMc0KU</a></p>&mdash; Pippa Crerar (@PippaCrerar) <a href="https://twitter.com/PippaCrerar/status/1302717158716211204?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Losing to a former game-show host, a complete outsider says more about
the suck they are in which shouldn't be explained away by small
margins, foreign agents, etc.

---

Here is the double-curveball [answer](../../2020/09/why-did-hillary-lose.md) on that

"But Hillary almost won 2016"

---

Goddess of Love - Barry Adamson \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/MBSXG3BatcQ?t=31)

---

Similar news all around the world. Travelers also buy RV to avoid
crowded hotels even when traveling locally. The trend can encourage
more self-sustaining, off-the-grid, mobile living.

"RV dealers around Australia are reporting a post-lockdown sales spike,
as more Australians look to buy a caravan and holiday locally rather
than travel overseas"

---

Are there any greenery, trees left in California? \#CreekFire

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I took this today from our Southwest flight from San Jose to Las Vegas <a href="https://t.co/QfWYTr6sh7">pic.twitter.com/QfWYTr6sh7</a></p>&mdash; Thalia Dockery (@SweetBrown_Shug) <a href="https://twitter.com/SweetBrown_Shug/status/1302454041654378496?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@JoshABlock

It’s unsurprising—but still noteworthy—how smoothly 2A extremists
shifted from fantasies of self defense against a tyrannical government
to fantasies of assisting police in using force against other
civilians"

---

"Scientists who attached a strain of bacteria to the outside of the
International Space Station have been stunned to find it survived for
three years, in open space"

---

See *ST Voyager*, 1999, V. Conspiracy ep; The ep was all about false
positives. Once upon a time you could get such a prescient take on a
social issue through big tent scifi.

---

"Excessive surveillance often backfires in this way. We saw it happen
after the surveillance surge in many countries following 9/11. As
terrible as it is, Islamic terrorism is, thankfully, a rare event in
Western societies. It is perpetrated by small numbers of extremists,
who often know one another from their families or neighborhoods. That
makes them hard to identify through Big Data methods, which are good
for identifying sweeping, structural patterns, not for accurately
finding needles in haystacks—especially when those needles live near
one another, can easily avoid digital tools, or merely speak a
language that’s not commonly understood by law enforcement.

And broad surveillance can engender a chilling effect among the whole
populace, making people less willing to express their political views
online. Worse, using Big Data for rare events leads to the problem of
false positives. When no clear identifying and strong signal is
exclusive to the real but anomalous terrorists, the system will pick
up lots of non-terrorists as suspicious, wasting the time of law
enforcement in the process. You can imagine that the FBI must have had
better things to do than visit random people who had purchased
pressure cookers and backpacks at the same time, but that’s what
happened after two brothers used those items—putting homemade
pressure-cooker bombs in backpacks—to attack the Boston Marathon in
2013"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2020/09/pandemic-no-excuse-colleges-surveil-students/616015/)

---

Broke Woke. Movie's main minority actor is complaining WTF

"@WIRED

John Boyega's criticism of how the Star Wars franchise treated
characters of color is obvious to those who watched the trilogy. He's
just saying it out loud"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/WIRED/status/1301923867674521600)

---

Excellent episode. THis is what made Trek great, it wasnt abt the
technobabble really, more abt the hard-core, anthropology-fi, and
working of tech into serious social takes.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I’ve commented before that Star Trek’s most prescient prediction was communication via memes in ‘Darmok’. So it was only a matter of time before someone started making these: <a href="https://t.co/6wQfRj8wJX">pic.twitter.com/6wQfRj8wJX</a></p>&mdash; Neil Shyminsky (@neilshyminsky) <a href="https://twitter.com/neilshyminsky/status/1302322781091229700?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Scihub allows free access to academic papers. People also can't
understand why they should pay for papers they are not even sure they
will use, that are themselves usually result of publicly funded
reseearch. Hence existing system is largely being circumvented.

"@Gassensmith

99% of sci-hubs traffic is probably people at home that do not want to
deal with their organization's byzantine VPN technology and expired
security certificates to download the paper legally"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">TDK Ventures Invests in Ammonia-to-Energy <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> Fuel Cell Company <a href="https://twitter.com/gencellenergy?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@gencellenergy</a>-<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Fuelcell</a> company GenCell is TDK Ventures first investment in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/renewableenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#renewableenergy</a> space-<a href="https://t.co/GgKcepcidD">https://t.co/GgKcepcidD</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleanenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleanenergy</a><a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@fuelcellsworks</a> <a href="https://t.co/yG3u7Aybf2">pic.twitter.com/yG3u7Aybf2</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1301900596375703554?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@freedlander

Active shooter drills in schools have become a 2.7 billion dollar
industry, and new research shows they have almost no value in keeping
kids safe and are responsible for an increase in mental health
problems for kids, especially younger ones"

---

"@aurelioacts

NYC paid $69 million  in police misconduct lawsuits in 2019

'@nypost Black Lives Matter protesters riot in Manhattan, cause
100,000 dollars damage'"

---

"@MorgenRochard

Do the math on your vacation home. It probably costs more than a nice
stay somewhere for D400 per night"

---

1934 Pogoms of Thrace (in so-called Turkey) after which many Jews left
due to harrassement. Interesting time period. I used to know someone
from Tekirdag (in Thrace) who had learned tailoring trade from Jews,
then during 40s became obscenely rich from it. Now Im thinking, maybe
all Jewish tailors were gone by then and he was the only game in town,
hence the demand. Tailor's lastname; TurkSoldier (u cant make this
up).

---

"@pwcdanica

It's wild to see anyone argue against banning no-knock search warrants
in the name of public safety when that's exactly what led to police
murdering Breonna Taylor. Murdering a civilian in her own home is the
opposite of public safety. You don't get to eff that up again. No
more"

---

Haha Max Martini. Again. \#pacificRim

---

*Pacific Rim*, good action movie.

---

"In a speech on Friday marking 150 years of the French Republic,
President Emmanuel Macron criticised those who seek French citizenship
without accepting France’s 'right to commit blasphemy'. To be French,
he said, is to defend the right to 'laugh, to criticise, to mock'"

---

It seems blacks would be more motivated to go out and vote, and vote
against the incumb, than whites would be for Trump.

"'Guys are tired,' the Oklahoma City guard Chris Paul said in an
interview. 'When I say tired, I don’t mean physically tired. We’re
tired of seeing the same thing over and over again. It’s emotional,
especially when you’re a Black man. We’re all hurt. Everybody expects
us to be okay because we get paid great money. We’re humans. We have
real feelings.' These players can’t just 'stick to sports.' Not when
their lives are on the line, when their communities are
disproportionately dying of COVID-19 and police violence, or bearing
the brunt of joblessness and evictions"

---

"The Milwaukee Bucks hadn’t planned on becoming activists. They
brought basketball to a halt in a messy but honest way, recognizing
the absurdity of playing sports in isolated luxury in the middle of a
pandemic, all for a chance at bringing an NBA championship trophy home
to a city 40 miles north of where Blake was shot as his children
watched"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/09/there-no-escapism-americas-current-crises/616012/)

---
