# Tweets - Week 14c

Journalism fills that gap in modernity; As Toffler said once society
is broken up into many pieces someone had to put it together
again. The Integrators, the managerial class performed most of that
task. But more was needed, in Western, democratic context, that more
was the journalists. They carried the gossip, assigned merit and
demerit, poked, informed (as much as they could), worked to front-run
decision-makers, etc. Important job.

*2020-3-31 21:03:0*

---

COV, 113K in 1 day. Mongolia is doing grrreeeat.

There is a global deceleration tho.. good. Down to 8.6% daily chg from
13% 4 days ago.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/02/corona.html)

*2020-3-31 20:57:20*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Did you know <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/electrolysers?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#electrolysers</a> play a role on submarines? We&#39;re pleased to announce a purchase order from the UK Navy for <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/PEM?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#PEM</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/electrolyser?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#electrolyser</a> stacks for use onboard submarines, providing life support oxygen for the crews. See our press release for details: <a href="https://t.co/BZLIvdWPcQ">https://t.co/BZLIvdWPcQ</a> <a href="https://t.co/uBLvzCZXUU">pic.twitter.com/uBLvzCZXUU</a></p>&mdash; Nel Hydrogen (@nelhydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/nelhydrogen/status/1245009070429528064?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-31 20:52:36*

---

"New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has long had an uneasy relationship
with both the media and the overwhelmingly Democratic residents of his
state. He has let the vital New York City subway fall into ruin,
actively connived with Republicans to give them control of the state
Senate, and generally been a thorn in the side of anyone who wants to
do anything good. But now, thanks to the novel coronavirus outbreak,
suddenly everyone loves him. He's getting breathless (even lustful)
media coverage, and his approval rating has jumped by 27 points.

Don't be fooled, though: Cuomo has royally messed up the coronavirus
outbreak, just like he has everything else. If you want an example of
effective crisis leadership, look to Washington state Governor Jay
Inslee"

[Link](https://theweek.com/articles-amp/905612/washington-gov-jay-inslee-what-real-coronavirus-leadership-looks-like)

*2020-3-31 19:20:38*

---

"@plutokiller

A hopeful article on how we might already be seeing benefits of social distancing"

[Link](https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-03-31/coronavirus-social-distancing-west-coast-california-new-york-covid)

*2020-3-31 17:40:15*

---

Interesting scenario.. corp bonds go trash then they are accepted less
and less as collat in repo. People hoard treasuries and dollars, hey
instead of losing money isnt it better to keep your money at zero IR
or straight up cash? Which means dollar demand, $ goes up, shortage
everywhere.

[Link 1](https://alhambrapartners.com/2020/03/25/collateral-shortage-goes-global-hinting-at-the-way-the-eurodollar-reaches-its-eventual-end/)

[Link 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPlvXuDqxBc)

*2020-3-31 17:32:31*

---

üëç

"@9NewsAdel

South Australian schools are preparing to move more classes online for
Term 2, which could have a big impact on staff, students and parents"

*2020-3-31 16:43:17*

---

Woha 

"@kevinhorgan

Conservative Australian PM announced a $3000 / month, flat rate, UBI
for full time & part-time workers, a 6-month moratorium on Tenant
evictions & effective Nationalisation of private hospitals. Best way
to sustain economy?"

*2020-3-31 16:39:12*

---

"@PatHartman_

You know what's weird? After years of using "viral" to describe
something that quickly grows to outrageously large numbers... people
still don't GET IT"

*2020-3-31 16:31:30*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Have you heard the news? We&#39;re pleased to have received funding from the US Department of Energy for the development of a novel <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/electrolyser?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#electrolyser</a> cell stack approach for higher efficiency, low cost <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> generation. Learn more from our press release: <a href="https://t.co/eyGpDTzFev">https://t.co/eyGpDTzFev</a> <a href="https://t.co/aNU7FNgIUr">pic.twitter.com/aNU7FNgIUr</a></p>&mdash; Nel Hydrogen (@nelhydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/nelhydrogen/status/1244883281990037504?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-31 13:10:35*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It doesn‚Äôt serve the properties of an electronic cash system. It‚Äôs either too slow or too expensive to have a competitive advantage. There are several systems that have all these properties and several serve much better as electronic cash; faster, less expensive, less wasteful.</p>&mdash; Colin LeMahieu (@ColinLeMahieu) <a href="https://twitter.com/ColinLeMahieu/status/1244757726284087298?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-31 9:50:26*

---

Haha.. not V, L, W but diminishing sine wave.. Japanification?  This
is probably where US is headed unless it gets rid of its debt
overhang.

"@tracyalloway 

Of course, you can't beat the 'diminishing sine wave' shaped-recovery
that Deutsche Bank was talking about back in 2009 after the financial
crisis"

<img width="240" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EUZhjbGUMAA4QF0?format=png&name=small"/>

*2020-3-31 7:47:17*

---

"@nntaleb

The @WHO shd be renamed WDO (World Disease Organization): had they not
existed many lives would have been spared.

Friends are smelling conspiracy in WHO's claims ("evidence
based"conflation of absence of evidence for evidence).

No, it's only incompetence.

Criminal incompetence"

*2020-3-31 7:35:30*

---

Greeks, Romans, Ottocucks knew nothing abt tomatoes. Well Otto found
out later bcz these dits actually managed to make it to 20th century,
limpin and all, but what I am saying is the phenomenon is recent
relatively speaking.

*2020-3-31 7:33:0*

---

Tomatoes were discovered in America and brought back to Europe, near
history. So they are very much American 

*2020-3-31 7:31:3*

---

"@IcarusGlider

This will go on for the rest of the year. 30 more days is wishful
thinking. Renters without jobs cant pay rent. Landlords without rent
cant pay mortgages. Banks without payments cant pay... on and on and
on till something eventually gives"

*2020-3-31 7:31:26*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Seems like people wanted to win, and thought Biden was most electable. In other words, ideology had nothing to do with it. This is why, for example, you saw exit polls showing Biden winning with ‚Äúvery liberal‚Äù voters or those that preferred Medicare for all. <a href="https://t.co/U5eiq4UtKd">https://t.co/U5eiq4UtKd</a></p>&mdash; Every Billionaire Is A Policy Failure (@DanRiffle) <a href="https://twitter.com/DanRiffle/status/1244630959313600513?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-31 0:41:58*

---

If lawmakers had some spine, this would get fixed yesterday.

"@matthewstoller

So private equity is taking advantage of surprise billing loopholes in
the bailout legislation to gouge people getting tested for
\#coronavirus.

Who could have seen this coming except everyone?"

[Link](https://twitter.com/matthewstoller/status/1244731010505375746)

*2020-3-31 0:32:24*

---

ORMS = Operations Research and Management Science. Deals with resource
planning, optimization of production, logistics, etc. 

"@ILjubic

Attention French #orms colleagues: 

The ministry of defense launched the call for proposals for innovative projects to fight #COVID„Éº19 :

Supply chain and logistics solutions are in high demand.

Contact Christian Artigues (director of GDR RO @CNRS"

[Link](https://defense.gouv.fr/aid/appels-a-projets/appel-a-projets-lutte-covid-19)

*2020-3-31 0:12:53*

---

And Canada hunkers down, like ppl do during cold weather.. I believe
Canada's culture code assigned to itself was TO KEEP (says
Rapaille). They are about preservation, in large part, I am sure, due
to their cold weather.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Funny how characteristically each country reacts to the coronavirus. China tracks its citizens&#39; every move. Hungary becomes a dictatorship. The US gives money to businesses. The Japanese conceal the problem. The British bravely but stupidly seek herd immunity.</p>&mdash; Paul Graham (@paulg) <a href="https://twitter.com/paulg/status/1244690931946831876?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-30 22:50:10*

---

I'd read a gushing tweetpinion on Governor Fredo the other day by a
fin guy I could not make sense of it.. Now it makes sense. Guy is rich
and in NY, Fredo did not raise his taxes, so he is happy. Simple as
that.

*2020-3-30 21:26:17*

---

Live by capitalism die by capitalism

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;By the end of the day, roughly 280 million masks from warehouses around the U.S. had been purchased by foreign buyers and were earmarked to leave the country, according to the broker ‚Äî and that was in one day.&quot; <a href="https://t.co/6pqntPKfF0">https://t.co/6pqntPKfF0</a></p>&mdash; Matt Stoller (@matthewstoller) <a href="https://twitter.com/matthewstoller/status/1244675351676178432?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-30 20:20:24*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Indeed the &quot;missing puzzle piece&quot; to getting to 100% renewables is reliable, scalable, dispatchable <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EnergyStorage?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EnergyStorage</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> is several times better than <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/conventionalchemistrybatteries?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#conventionalchemistrybatteries</a> including <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/lithiumion?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#lithiumion</a> .<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/renewablegas?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#renewablegas</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/powertogas?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#powertogas</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/PTG?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#PTG</a><a href="https://t.co/yxVp7MWbe2">https://t.co/yxVp7MWbe2</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen is the battery (@BatteryH2) <a href="https://twitter.com/BatteryH2/status/1244672131503276044?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-30 20:9:59*

---

This is not the same as electronic banking. With elec banking u have
to figure out the myriad ways your bank allows electronic access. With
crypto, receiving payments is as easy as receiving a chat message.

*2020-3-30 19:30:29*

---

Sad. So much more can be done technologicallly. Open a Nano acct,
register that address with the government and they can wire any
payment to you at the speed of light. This technology exists.

*2020-3-30 19:27:21*

---

Modelers unite

[Link](https://epcced.github.io/ramp/)

*2020-3-30 18:53:16*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Never been more jealous of a curve in my life. Man they nailed it. <br>Via Time. <a href="https://t.co/sktEp8booM">https://t.co/sktEp8booM</a> <a href="https://t.co/soPhg4iceJ">pic.twitter.com/soPhg4iceJ</a></p>&mdash; Ben White (@morningmoneyben) <a href="https://twitter.com/morningmoneyben/status/1244626949894520833?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-30 18:14:15*

---

Easy recipe: Throw some sp into bowl, dice half onion into it, add
olive oil, little water. Cook it medium heat for 5 mins. Cool it, mix
plain yoghurt, serve.

*2020-3-30 18:2:52*

---

*2020-3-30 17:58:18*

Big spinach eater here. I am talking some Popeye level shit. Thing is
full of useful ingreds. I looked for a snack bar with it and tada

<img width="240" src="https://www.zuberlezzetler.com/media/product/10/100081/z/zuberispanaklikayisili.png"/>

4% spinach - probably measured in dried form, as weight, fresh spinach
is 90% water, so this amt is not bad.. Now part of my breakfast. That
and mobile coffee.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">BMW Group Reaffirms its Ongoing Commitment to <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelCell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelCell</a> Technology--Collaboration with <a href="https://twitter.com/Toyota?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Toyota</a> continues <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Fuelcell</a> system for the powertrain for the <a href="https://twitter.com/BMW?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@BMW</a> i Hydrogen NEXT generates up to 125 kW (170 hp)-<a href="https://t.co/rKzBrMtolE">https://t.co/rKzBrMtolE</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/h2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#h2</a> <a href="https://t.co/PGkZQPWv5m">pic.twitter.com/PGkZQPWv5m</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1244621744473812992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-30 16:55:13*

---

