# Week 45

"@AlanIAbramowitz

Biden leads Trump by 10 points in final pre-election NBC"

[Link](https://twitter.com/AlanIAbramowitz/status/1322909489201373184)

---

This is the inventor of the [model](2015/04/predicting-2016-presidential-election.md) I use.

Abrahamovitz: "We can now update the forecast from the simplified
model based on the latest measure of President Trump‚Äôs approval
rating. ... Based on a net approval rating of -12% in the most recent
Gallup Poll, the model now predicts that Joe Biden will receive 344
electoral votes to 194 for Donald Trump. The model now gives Biden an
86% chance of winning the electoral vote"

[Link](https://centerforpolitics.org/crystalball/articles/final-forecast-results-from-two-methods-of-predicting-the-2020-presidential-election/)

---

"@kurtopsahl

Nov 1 is here, and the answer is 67.7% of the 2016 total votes have
already been cast. Over 100% in TX and HI, 90+% in at least 7 more
states"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is not going to happen. <a href="https://t.co/bV3UJtRFbA">https://t.co/bV3UJtRFbA</a></p>&mdash; Hamish McKenzie (@hamishmckenzie) <a href="https://twitter.com/hamishmckenzie/status/1323116718810693633?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@AshkenaziFugazi

If you're called antisemitic for criticizing Israel just say the
criticism is something you got from your Jewish friend, who said that
to not criticize Israel is antisemitic. It's me, I am your Jewish
friend. Every uncritical sentence you utter on Israel is
antisemitic. There. :)"

---

Fermeto Engineering, NL. 

<iframe width="340" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EcAZv5xcvn8" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

The Mandalorian is back üëç, S02E01

---

Floating house, Denmark

[Link](https://www.urbanrigger.com/)

---

I wonder if a generation of monitor-starers having irreversably lost
their contact from the physical world played a role in the bad design
choice here. "It's just code bro!". 

---

The design was not robust. They tried to fix in software what they
should have fixed in hardware.

"Boeing ‚Äì what caused the 737 Max to crash?"

[Link](https://youtu.be/PdYcJldzOdw?t=591)

---

"@davidsirota

The Overton Window has moved so far to the right that the debate over
health care during a pandemic is only over whether or not to help
insurance companies economically punish sick people for the crime of
being sick"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is both completely nuts and completely predictable. Censorship invariably ends in impossible policy contradictions and embarrassing logic knots <a href="https://t.co/rTQaPqI8Yp">https://t.co/rTQaPqI8Yp</a> via <a href="https://twitter.com/verge?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Verge</a></p>&mdash; Chris Anderson (@chr1sa) <a href="https://twitter.com/chr1sa/status/1322347515069431808?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@J_Bloodworth

[Macron] 'We believe in the Enlightenment, and women have the same
rights as men... People who think otherwise, let them do it somewhere
else, not on French soil.'"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/J_Bloodworth/status/1322672423347621888)

---

Alex Jones saz Trump cut off external lobbyists but then his circle
was carpetbombed with money so they became lobbyists indirectly
(\#rogan podcast). Could be true.. If so, good observation. See,
if this man is cut off due to (IMO) weird climate change denialism,
then you miss out on the occasional good observation. Censoring is bad

---

Cant go to the movies? Movie theathers were overrated anyway...

2W was about
[synchronization](2011/03/fundamentals-of-industrial-ideologies_synchronization.md);
in entertainment, in production, in ed. There can still be a place
called school, somewhere outside of home, kids are dropped off useful
for cases when home env is stressful, but ed itself will be be
asynch. Class would not "start" or "end" -- kid simply goes and picks
up tablet and continues where he left off from the previous day. A
librarian type person / certifier can make sure place is suitable for study

---

"The Latest: Australia has no local case 1st time in months [and] has
recorded no new locally transmitted coronavirus infection for the
first time in five months"

[Link](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/the-latest-australia-has-no-local-case-1st-time-in-months-western-australia-capital-cases-cases-latest-b1495809.html)

---

Daam.. Boris Johnson net approval is -25% ??!! It sucks!!

[Link](https://yougov.co.uk/topics/politics/trackers/boris-johnson-approval-rating)

---

I see a lot of *I am CRMs* end up being surrounded with sycopants,
this is not a good sign. That means you are not listening
enough. 

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The more messed up your haircut is, the more likely I believe you?re taking COVID precautions seriously.</p>&mdash; Ben Ritter (@BenNetworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/BenNetworks/status/1322659147960168449?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

ü§£ These tech characters are so jaded.. The smartest ones will say
what they don't know, most others believe they can extend their
gibberish-ist technobabble into a complete new domain where they zero
understanding in.

"Soylent Founder's Unhinged Politics Rant Shows Tech Execs Don't
Understand the World"

[Link](https://www.vice.com/amp/en/article/epd4je/soylent-founders-unhinged-politics-rant-shows-tech-execs-dont-understand-the-world)

---

Yes... and if you ate less ziti, you cld run away from crowds faster,
isn't that right Crispie?

"Chris Christie ... issued a mea culpa last week after he was
discharged from a COVID-19 hospitalization that included a week in the
intensive-care unit. 'When you get this disease, it hits you how easy
it is to prevent,' he wrote under the headline 'I Should Have Worn a
Mask' in The Wall Street Journal. 'We are asked to wear cloth over our
mouth and nose, wash our hands and avoid crowds. Seldom has so little
been asked for so much benefit'"

---

Stabbings, killings, in Canada, France. At the same time Jihadi activity in
Idlib, Azerbaijan.. Related?

"Quebec stabbing: Two dead after attack by man in medieval clothes"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">New battery chemistry.</p>&mdash; Benedict Evans (@benedictevans) <a href="https://twitter.com/benedictevans/status/1168279470156865536?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@benedictevans

Old: ‚ÄòTLDR‚Äô = too long didn‚Äôt read.

New: ‚ÄòPWDR‚Äô = paywall didn‚Äôt read"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">First spotted by <a href="https://twitter.com/dansinker?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@dansinker</a>, this is just a remarkable correlation. <br><br>Google searches for &quot;loss of taste&quot; and &quot;loss of smell&quot; versus population-adjusted new coronavirus cases. <a href="https://t.co/I38fXZsyb8">https://t.co/I38fXZsyb8</a> <a href="https://t.co/e9tptqt8bn">pic.twitter.com/e9tptqt8bn</a></p>&mdash; Philip Bump (@pbump) <a href="https://twitter.com/pbump/status/1322013016351793152?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The extraordinarily strong relationship btw China‚Äôs credit impulse and Germany‚Äôs PMI suggests China domestic demand -&gt; demand for German exports. <a href="https://twitter.com/scotiabank?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@scotiabank</a> via <a href="https://twitter.com/SoberLook?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@SoberLook</a> <a href="https://t.co/oIEFyDFRXE">pic.twitter.com/oIEFyDFRXE</a></p>&mdash; Adam Tooze (@adam_tooze) <a href="https://twitter.com/adam_tooze/status/1322498551805628416?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Evidence of Google blacklisting of left and progressive sites continues to mount"

[Link](https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2017/08/08/goog-a08.html)

---

"@JosephEStiglitz 

... The 2017 tax law must be repealed."

---

"Greece Strengthens Ties with India to Counter Turkey-Pakistan Alliance"

[Link](https://greece.greekreporter.com/2020/10/30/greece-strengthens-ties-with-india-to-counter-turkey-pakistan-alliance/)

---

I used to watch live CSPAN programs sometimes while I was in US.. When
Trent Lott made that infamous comment I saw that shit live. I was like
'that didnt sound right...'. ü§î Dude was destroyed few weeks later.

---




