# Tweets - Week 28c

I'll be damned.. The blue of the EU flag looks like advertisment for
blue hydrogen now.  Nice coincidence.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;...we welcome with open arms the opportunity <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> presents to accelerate the sustainable energy transition...&quot; <a href="https://twitter.com/wartsilacorp?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@wartsilacorp</a>&#39;s BjÃ¶rn Ullbro told <a href="https://twitter.com/h2_view?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@h2_view</a>. <a href="https://t.co/JrRiZL9f4M">https://t.co/JrRiZL9f4M</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1280414473229123587?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@RyseHydrogen

Arizona-based company @nikolamotor, arch rival of @Tesla, and with a
market valuation exceeding $30bn, are planning on installing hydrogen
charging stations for its trucks in the UK and across Europe"

---

"NYPD Eliminates Plainclothes Anti-Crime Units Implicated In Many
Shootings ... The unit, which included about 600 officers, was formed
in the late 1990s. Members have been involved in some of the most
notorious police killings of recent years, including the strangulation
of Eric Garner in 2014"

[Link](https://www.npr.org/sections/live-updates-protests-for-racial-justice/2020/06/16/878226021/nypd-eliminates-plainclothes-anti-crime-units-implicated-in-many-shootings)
	
---

Verlinde: "95% of stuff in the universe, we basically don't understand"

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EcQ5MTgWAAEMbqZ?format=png&name=small"/>

---

Hah. Adding those GPIO pins on the Raspberry Pi was an
afterthought.. the designer wanted to create a more accessible
experience for computing / programming, the way his childhood
computers were, like the ZX Spectrum, C64, etc.. But now the biggest
growth area for Pi is robotics bcz of its ext hardware conn
capabilities... It's important to create options.

---

"My Bizarre Stint As an Amazon Reviewer for Hire... In exchange for
positive Amazon reviews, the mysterious Facebook accounts who
recruited me promised me free stuff"

[Link](https://onezero.medium.com/amp/p/260bd6f7a8fa)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Fuelling of the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> car ðŸš™: <br>âœ…3 minutes<br>âœ…400 grams of fuel <br>âœ…0 emissions! <br><br>The future is greenðŸŒ¿!<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogenstrategy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogenstrategy</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energysystemintegration?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energysystemintegration</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EUGreenDeal?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EUGreenDeal</a> ðŸ‡ªðŸ‡ºðŸŒ¿ <a href="https://t.co/HxHAyvSaPx">pic.twitter.com/HxHAyvSaPx</a></p>&mdash; Kadri Simson (@KadriSimson) <a href="https://twitter.com/KadriSimson/status/1280191029128368128?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">USA HD truck maker, Nikola, is planning 50 <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> stations in the UK and the rest of Europe as their value surpassed $30bn last month.<br><br>â€œ<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> is more profitable than USA because of the high cost of diesel, taxes, and toll rates,&quot; said Trevor Milton.<a href="https://t.co/x3Zsr4nmV9">https://t.co/x3Zsr4nmV9</a> <a href="https://t.co/wJ04JEzmlO">pic.twitter.com/wJ04JEzmlO</a></p>&mdash; H2 &amp; Fuel Cell NewsðŸŒŽ (@H2NewsGlobal) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2NewsGlobal/status/1279798138975465474?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Re-share -- [Ancient](../../2020/07/ancient.md)

---

Is the Chink really this dumb? Losing all these people to the West,
and elsewhere?  Just democratize. Stop being a cobsucker. Your history
is a repugnant piece of shit.  But you can exceed it. You can do
better.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Japan, Australia, UK, etc. lining up to brain drain HK. <a href="https://t.co/t9OFCaOs4P">https://t.co/t9OFCaOs4P</a></p>&mdash; Jin SEO (@JTSEO9) <a href="https://twitter.com/JTSEO9/status/1278607138789654529?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@JoSamps92

@airliquidegroup and @PortOfRotterdam have today revealed plans to get
1,000 #hydrogen-powered zero emission trucks on the roads connecting
the Netherlands, Belgium, and West Germany by 2025"

---

"@garrygolden

Air Products and thyssenkrupp plan for GW sized green hydrogen plants,
https://bit.ly/2ZH76OM, Industrial incumbents shifting to H2. They
know scale and integration. Electrons only take us so far. This
industrial world needs clean molecules"

---

The theme of the week: Torque

---

"@JoSamps92

The lack of harmonised regulations, codes and standards (RCS) is
considered one of the major barriers for the commercialisation of fuel
cell and \#hydrogen technologies.

@fch_ju  is playing a fundamental role in removing these barriers"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The first 10 fuel cell electric trucks set to revolutionise the green <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> mobility ecosystem in Switzerland have been shipped from South Korea. <a href="https://twitter.com/HHM_Ltd?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@HHM_Ltd</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/Hyundai_Global?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Hyundai_Global</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/H2EnergyAG1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@H2EnergyAG1</a> <a href="https://t.co/aeLbLLH5Wu">https://t.co/aeLbLLH5Wu</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1280076762450399232?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Of the 71% of water on earth, only 4% is drinkable"

---

"Energy consumption of seawater desalination has reached as low as 3 kWh/$m^3$"

[Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desalination#Energy_consumption)

---

With lots of energy many things can become possible. Desalination at mass scale?

---


