# Tweets - Week 22a

Reducing econ follows

*2020-05-24 09:01:56*

---

:) "Dream on, Klingon" 


*2020-05-24 09:01:52*

---

CleanTechnica: "BP Smacks Exxon Upside Head With New Green Hydrogen
Scheme.. Why, it seems like only yesterday that ExxonMobil was
forecasting a rosy scenario for fossil gas in the sparkling green
economy of the future. Now along comes rival BP with a deep dive into
green hydrogen. Renewable energy is already threatening gas in the
power generation market, and if all goes according to plan renewable
H2 will push gas out of the coveted industrial energy marketplace,
too"

[Link](https://cleantechnica.com/2020/05/18/bp-smacks-exxon-upside-head-with-new-green-hydrogen-scheme)

*2020-05-24 07:45:18*

---

"@bigblackjacobin

Arbitrator that decided in Uber‚Äôs favor on the price-fixing lawsuit
said on the record: 'I must say I act out of fear. My fear is if I
ruled Uber illegal, I would need security. I wouldn't be able to walk
the streets at night. People would be after me.'"

*2020-05-24 07:40:29*

---

Retracing Newton's steps.. awesome

[Link](https://youtu.be/M6g-sR-lRCU?t=175)

*2020-05-23 21:50:55*

---

KR was a great show. When I rewatched one ep many yrs later I realized
it was also a serious detective show.

*2020-05-23 20:56:52*

---

Nice. 

"@samaracello

Knight Rider - had quite a few requests for this one and no wonder
because it's a total banger"

[Link](https://twitter.com/samaracello/status/1264211335425990657)

*2020-05-23 20:51:05*

---

Trump net approv -10%

\#538

*2020-05-23 20:51:00*

---

"@davidsirota

When you‚Äôve lost a job & have a sick kid, the thing you are most
hoping for is not a ream of paperwork during an open enrollment period
for a for-profit insurance marketplace that may deny your claims ‚Äî
you‚Äôre most hoping for a program that just lets you go to the doctor
ASAP"

*2020-05-23 20:50:55*

---

Zombie Apocalypse prep; Cars are useful (they'd be lying around) but
3D travel.. much better.  Both to avoid zombies and get to any elev
easily. Fuel wld be in abandoned gas stations, so everywhere. No need
to worry abt GHG, world wld be empty.

*2020-5-23 13:55:7*

---

Some r still being confused by Trump claims.. [checks non-existing
watch], May 2020.. okay.

"Trump medical claims causing confusion"

*2020-05-22 21:48:12*

---

"Well the Euro sucks, what else is there?". Regulation. Trade
policy. They negotiate as a block; you don't negotiate with a single
country, you negotiate with the entire block. That's a lot of
leverage.

*2020-05-22 21:38:5*

---

I noticed some recurring themes in some journalistic circles related
to EU -- they revolve around "will they unite more?' and 'is this the
end of EU?'  Any new event can trigger this..  Border closures bcz of
COVID..?  IS THIS THE END OF EU?

Mate, the union (and it is a *very* light union) is there bcz it is
beneficial to all parties involved. It will end the moment it stops
being beneficial to all parties. To pinpoint that time, 1 needs to
grok what made them to come together to begin with..

*2020-05-22 21:36:50*

---

Haha..

Europe unification or not is an ongoing joke 

28:40 "Are we seeing a Federal Europe", answer "that's too far, the
F-word is not being used".

[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vghm8fT9qXU)

*2020-05-22 21:32:12*

---

"@crhanep

.. I concur from personal experience, that socializing with colleagues
outside of work does not improve relationships nor
productivity. Working with my remote team over last 9 years has been
A+"

*2020-05-22 19:13:23*

---

Like [this one](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/03/monolith.html),
it was bang on. 

*2020-05-22 19:12:7*

---

My automated news collector has *The Atlantic* in the RSS list and I
keep getting good stuff from them. Dont know abt the rest.

*2020-05-22 19:11:57*

---

Full fledged computer with Linux is sold <50 dollars next door
(raspberry pi). 10 yo me wld be very jealous of current me... And 10
yo me wld kill me if I didnt do anything w this tech.

*2020-05-22 19:11:37*

---

"@lougrims

I was today years old when I realized that firmware is called FIRMware
because it's halfway between HARDware and SOFTware..."

*2020-05-22 19:11:30*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A comprehensive $50 million package of support measures has been established to help activate renewable hydrogen industry development in Tasmania.<br><br>Project EOI proposal (stage 1) and feasibility study proposal stage is open from now until 18 August 2020.</p>&mdash; Hydrogen Australia (@HydrogenAus) <a href="https://twitter.com/HydrogenAus/status/1263613596015095809?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-22 19:11:23*

---

"@internetofshit

in 2050 we'll get a federal holiday just for updating our smart crap

'@mims

just got new headphones and the first thing they asked me to do was
update their firmware

I realize everything is a computer now but c'mon'"

*2020-05-22 19:11:19*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Scientists at the <a href="https://twitter.com/ENERGY?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@ENERGY</a> Argonne National Laboratory have developed platinum-free fuel cell catalysts that can be used for cheaper <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> fuel cell production. <a href="https://t.co/acHHx93NX8">https://t.co/acHHx93NX8</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1263404508945747971?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-22 10:44:04*

---

There is a point when I start the new thing I realize more what looks
more unfinished in the old thing, so in the beginning of the new
thing a lot of old stuff gets done. ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è

*2020-05-22 10:15:48*

---

"@AdamDRains

Guess today is a 'dimensional analysis on the back of a literal
envelope' kind of day"

*2020-05-22 10:12:5*

---

"@msquinn

Took me a month but finally realized that 98% of VC tweets are really
meant for other VCs. (Leaders at high growth cos have no time.)"

*2020-05-22 10:09:45*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr"><a href="https://t.co/SnkdX2Vmm0">https://t.co/SnkdX2Vmm0</a> <a href="https://t.co/YeBJdCPA2H">pic.twitter.com/YeBJdCPA2H</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1263559188346617858?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-22 10:09:39*

---

Richard Hatch (of BSG fame, Apollo) died 2017? Late RIP.

*2020-05-22 10:09:26*

---
