# Tweets - Week 10b

Schumah threatening con judges on abortion? He is like "we can't lose
our faux issue! That issue is the only reason we are here! That's how
we eat! It needs to stay in its current form forever! We need this
shit!  Do you know what you are dealing with!"

It's so sad. A politician being reduced to this. Inept Dem centrism
lead all here, both sides needing a dividing issue so bad, they
created this mess, and now they are shocked it can actually take a
life of its own. Same with guns.

*2020-3-7 16:47:59*

---

Heard on France 24 Eng: "Private companies will charge an arm and a
leg for those [covid] tests, who will pay for them".

"Mexico will pay for them". üòÇüòÇüòÇüòÇ

Europeans having a gas at our expense US pols..



*2020-3-7 16:46:24*

---

The problem with gov deficit spending (towards businesses) isnt bcz of
the deficit itself. It is that it replaces people demand with gov
demand. Such demand will create inefficiencies in the market if such
good is marketable.

I am not talking abt social services, but stuff that is already part
of the market econ. Take a toilet seat maker. There is crisis, gov
steps in starts buying toilet seats... But it can pay 1000$ for f-ing
toilet seat! It happened at the Pentagon before!

*2020-3-7 14:10:33*

---

"A draft interim report from Ethiopian crash investigators
... concludes the March 2019 crash of a Boeing Co 737 MAX was caused
by the plane's design, two people briefed on the matter said Friday"

*2020-3-7 13:47:11*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We‚Äôre looking at about 1M US cases by the end of April, 2M by ~May 5, 4M by ~May 11, and so on. Exponentials are hard to grasp, but this is how they go. 4/n</p>&mdash; Liz Specht (@LizSpecht) <a href="https://twitter.com/LizSpecht/status/1236095183332114432?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-7 13:37:43*

---


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It would make the private insurance companies very, very angry if you retweeted this. <a href="https://t.co/uftgBvu4yn">https://t.co/uftgBvu4yn</a></p>&mdash; Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) <a href="https://twitter.com/BernieSanders/status/1235966985776873473?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-7 13:35:1*

---

"@scientificecon

2014: 120 Dutch co-operative banks forcibly merged into 1 by the regulators.

Same in South Tyrol, where the big bank-owned Banca d'Italia forcibly
merged 50 co-operative banks into 1

Since the ECB started, 60% of the formerly thousands of German
community banks have disappeared"

*2020-3-7 13:23:34*

---

Taibbi: "Some part of Sanders seems to hold out hope that something is
left over in the DNA of the Democratic Party from those F.D.R. days,
something that can be saved and restored. He seems to have a nostalgic
fondness for it, as he seems to for Biden himself.

But this version of the Democratic Party that now has Biden as its
face wants to bury him. They‚Äôve smeared him as a racist, sexist dupe
for Putin, an amateur and back-bencher who doesn‚Äôt understand power
and can‚Äôt ‚Äúget things done.‚Äù

By getting as far as he has, and raising as much money as he has,
Sanders has already demolished half of that argument. To finish the
job, he has to show he understands the difference between doing well
and winning"

[Link](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/bernie-sanders-attack-joe-biden-democratic-primary-963934)

*2020-3-7 13:12:3*

---

Kudlow: Buy the dip... Spoken like a true drug addict. Markets
addicted to FED laughing gas, former cokehead can recognize that...

And burned by Rudd, former AUS PM.

[Link](https://youtu.be/R-W48EfivYc?t=253)

*2020-3-7 10:29:49*

---

Cruise ships - ugh. Cheap adventurism. 

*2020-3-7 10:1:30*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Iceland has now declared a state of emergency after the Covid-19 outbreak on the Island, 43 people are now infected - BBC</p>&mdash; FXHedge (@Fxhedgers) <a href="https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1236082934362157056?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-7 8:44:34*

---

"I‚Äôm an expat in Seoul living amid the coronavirus outbreak. I feel
like I‚Äôm living in the end times... Restaurants began posting signs
that read 'no Chinese.'... Seoul looks like a ghost town"

[Link](https://www.dallasnews.com/news/public-health/2020/03/06/im-an-expat-in-seoul-living-amid-the-coronavirus-outbreak-i-feel-like-im-living-in-the-end-times/)

*2020-3-7 8:31:36*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We&#39;re getting pretty late Soviet here with the lies no one even believes are believed <a href="https://t.co/Z9o2xhapMJ">pic.twitter.com/Z9o2xhapMJ</a></p>&mdash; Hank Oslo (@xctlot) <a href="https://twitter.com/xctlot/status/1236021887764959234?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-7 8:23:41*

---

"@scientificecon

Bitcoin:

Mythical alleged creator: Satoshi Nakamoto...

Step 1: put this Japanese name in the Japanese order of names:
Nakamoto Satoshi ‰∏≠Êú¨Êô∫

Step 2: Translate into English: 'Central Intelligence'"

*2020-3-7 7:49:39*

---

Bernie campaign motto should have been \#HimNotUS. I know such words
are anathema to the left, even in its authoritarian
[forms](https://youtu.be/KqZmXf3MfKQ), but have to do what campaigns
require..

*2020-3-6 23:58:24*

---

It's freaky.. the Dem primary fell to 2nd or 3rd in importance in the
my news feed. The fin meltdown, coronav is overtaking all else

*2020-3-6 22:27:38*

---

This reminds me a story from 2016.

"Japanese Seeking a Place to Stash Cash Start Snapping Up Safes"

<img width="340" src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRhXJZ1J-2sFGnUEVtsIxtQ1M-H00DfCDlsRFE3G96dX4hziFBV"/>

"Negative interest rates spur sales of safes‚Äîa place where the
interest rate on cash is always zero"

[Link](https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/japanese-seeking-a-place-to-stash-cash-start-snapping-up-safes-1456136223)

*2020-3-6 22:22:27*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Negative interest rates for the U.S.?<br><br>If the rectangle on the 10-Yr T-Note chart is to be trusted, the target on the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/US10Y?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#US10Y</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%24ZN_F&amp;src=ctag&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">$ZN_F</a> is -17 basis points.<br><br>What say you, <a href="https://twitter.com/RaoulGMI?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@RaoulGMI</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/realvision?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@realvision</a> ? <a href="https://t.co/kznUtKHZhQ">pic.twitter.com/kznUtKHZhQ</a></p>&mdash; Peter Brandt (@PeterLBrandt) <a href="https://twitter.com/PeterLBrandt/status/1235997393050406913?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-6 22:21:39*

---

"@KeithMcCullough

Isn't it amazing that the Fed is going to cut by 100bps in 16
days. We've trained a generation of free market capitalists to be
beggars. Investors are begging on their bloody knees for the Fed to
bail them out of their bad processes and bad decisions"

*2020-3-6 21:59:51*

---

So it is green H2 then. Cool

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Germany sees no role for natural gas in draft plan for hydrogen <a href="https://t.co/0fJ3ezf2q6">https://t.co/0fJ3ezf2q6</a></p>&mdash; Bloomberg Energy (@BloombergNRG) <a href="https://twitter.com/BloombergNRG/status/1235814907196493824?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-6 21:55:19*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Too bad Theranos got shut down just before they could have faked millions of coronavirus tests</p>&mdash; Ryan Grim (@ryangrim) <a href="https://twitter.com/ryangrim/status/1235907980857663496?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-6 21:35:16*

---

"Our healthcare system is a giant price-fixing scheme" -- Hanauer

*2020-3-6 20:11:46*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This week: UK Coalition seeks $1B for Hydrogen <a href="https://t.co/xTeB5AB7RA">https://t.co/xTeB5AB7RA</a> Germany draft plan for &#39;green&#39; hydrogen from renewables, nothing for natgas. Could target 15GW of electrolysis by 2030<a href="https://t.co/jM4lLuJaE1">https://t.co/jM4lLuJaE1</a> Meanwhile <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytwitter?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytwitter</a> still in &#39;let&#39;s wait and see&#39; mode on H2</p>&mdash; Garry Golden (@garrygolden) <a href="https://twitter.com/garrygolden/status/1235686124518912000?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-6 19:56:0*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">France and UK are saying prepare for an inevitable epidemic, <br><br>we are saying this... <a href="https://t.co/2k10UN2ADm">https://t.co/2k10UN2ADm</a></p>&mdash; Zr1Trader (@ZR1Trader) <a href="https://twitter.com/ZR1Trader/status/1235939907069259777?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-6 19:53:5*

---

Sleep Walker - Eclipse \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/W5bugcZKyvA?t=21)

*2020-3-6 12:39:11*

---

A generation of Dems was carpet bombed by the Third Way (not Wave)
centrists. But now suave, hipster, white-collar, Obama / Clinton
Holywood types seem to be out, even if "the base" might have warm
feelings towards their era. The remaining characters are all gruff,
working-class. The next nominee will have to build an entire new gen
to hand the baton to.

*2020-3-6 11:53:10*

---

sa<img width="340" src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/143mqu3JWkVRlu/giphy.gif"/>

*2020-3-6 11:52:0*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">10YR YIELD 0.83% bonds going crazy</p>&mdash; FXHedge (@Fxhedgers) <a href="https://twitter.com/Fxhedgers/status/1235747952469012480?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-6 11:49:32*

---

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ESZgCA_XYAA9xIM?format=jpg&name=small"/>

*2020-3-6 11:47:13*

---

"@semper_vincit

In 3 hours of t√™te-√†-t√™te with Putin, Erdogan understood one thing:
Russia's first salvo of stand-off weapons would 'switch off' the
Command and Control structure of Turkish forces involved and Erdogan
will look like a headless Turkish chicken running"

*2020-3-6 8:26:29*

---

Funny..

"@JohnCleese

I'm in Los Angeles and I asked where I could find the nearest bookshop

'San Francisco'"

*2020-3-6 8:25:15*

---

"@davidmarchorn

The 10 year is making the 'something broke" formation'"

*2020-3-6 7:30:36*

---

Markovitz received NP for doing essentially undergrad level statistics
and some optimization. Are u kidding me?!! Physicists do that much
math during their sleep!

*2020-3-6 0:55:3*

---

I hear relatives of A. Nobel want to cancel it BTW. Swedish CB sneaked
it through backdoor, but it sullies the whole Prize. A f-ing
abomination...

*2020-3-6 0:55:3*

---

Haha.. bcz current prize is not from Nobel himself, it's a faux
prize. Funny

"@scientificecon

Good thing there is no Nobel Prize in economics, it would become highly politicised. Wise Alfred Nobel..."

*2020-3-5 22:01:4*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Buy stonks</p>&mdash; Tas (@azeritis) <a href="https://twitter.com/azeritis/status/1235608810280099840?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-5 21:59:3*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Ankara was at the point where it had to escalate, again. Instead, it has agreed to a freeze and joint patrols with a nebulous buffer zone along the highways</p>&mdash; Aaron Stein (@aaronstein1) <a href="https://twitter.com/aaronstein1/status/1235619087096655874?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-5 20:35:9*

---

"@fch_ju

Today \#Europe is one of the global leaders on \#hydrogen stations and
\#fuelcell buses thanks to our Public Private Partnership on hydrogen
says @vonderleyen at the \#BusinessEuropeDay 2020 \#EuropeanGreenDeal"

*2020-3-5 19:59:56*

---

"@mgalati13

Another positive (besides mortgage rates) of the coronavirus is that
companies will start to realize how much more efficient employees are
working from home; and how much money is wasted on unnecessary travel
for work that can easily be done remotely"

*2020-3-5 19:57:10*

---

Corona map update, 10K more in 5 days

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/02/corona.html)

*2020-3-5 19:37:13*

---

"Scientists Found a Caterpillar That Eats Plastic.

Could It Help Solve our Plastic Crisis?"

[Link](https://www.discovermagazine.com/environment/scientists-found-a-caterpillar-that-eats-plastic-could-it-help-solve-our)

*2020-3-5 17:20:10*

---

"@gos9x

Glad to say that I now own a tiny bit of @nikolamotor! Just bought
some shares under the ticker; VTIQ soon to be NKLA. The world is ready
for state of the art zero emission trucks!!"

*2020-3-5 15:38:46*

---

Nikola CEO on building H2 stations - CNBC

[Link](https://youtu.be/afEZol4jPcg?t=587)

*2020-3-5 14:15:14*

---

What‚Äôs the biggest lie you‚Äôve ever been told about capitalism?:
Translation: "That you only have to work hard to be successful"

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="de" dir="ltr">Dass man nur hart arbeiten muss, um erfolgreich zu sein. <a href="https://t.co/yqW3H4C76G">https://t.co/yqW3H4C76G</a></p>&mdash; Natascha Strobl (@Natascha_Strobl) <a href="https://twitter.com/Natascha_Strobl/status/1235447919773446144?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-5 13:59:1*

---

<iframe width="340" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vSdukWa71sQ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

*2020-3-5 13:35:59*

---

The Steepening After the Flattening

Could be a movie title..? "First there was flatness.. then
steepness....But one man.. Stood all alone.. [movie guy voice]"

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I wanted to point this out months ago, but it&#39;s not the yield curve flattening that is a problem, it&#39;s the steepening that comes after the flattening.</p>&mdash; Jared Dillian (@dailydirtnap) <a href="https://twitter.com/dailydirtnap/status/1235366236978114561?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-5 12:5:43*

---

"@TaviCosta

Friendly reminder. 

These are the last times the Fed & the BoC cut rates by at least 50bps
in the same month:

3/2001

9/2001

10/2001

11/2001

03/2008

10/2008

12/2008"

*2020-3-5 0:27:46*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Our solar system is full of ocean worlds like Saturn&#39;s moon Enceladus. Join us for a live discussion with <a href="https://twitter.com/NASA?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@NASA</a> astrobiologist Morgan Cable about ocean worlds and the search for life.<br> <br>üìÜ Thursday, March 5<br>‚è∞ 7pm PT (10 pm ET, 0300 UTC)<br>üì∫ <a href="https://t.co/1KaWIPvvmw">https://t.co/1KaWIPvvmw</a> <a href="https://t.co/Kh6iCyVV3J">pic.twitter.com/Kh6iCyVV3J</a></p>&mdash; NASA Solar System (@NASASolarSystem) <a href="https://twitter.com/NASASolarSystem/status/1235297909157048320?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-5 0:1:59*

---

After 9/11 immigration was ripe to be a polarizing issue. But pointing
out economic effects, policy, etc would not be enough. Only after
"rapists" comment the issue took off. Trump communicated culturally.

*2020-3-5 0:0:9*

---

Why? Was testing equip manufacturing shipped to China too?

"@nytimes

Breaking News: The CDC has broadened the guidelines for coronavirus
testing: Anyone with symptoms and a doctor's approval can get one. But
there may not be enough kits yet"

*2020-3-4 23:25:36*

---

"@brianweeden

The only reason a rich, advanced democracy would make its citizens
spend 7 hours of a work day to vote is if they didn't really want them
to vote"

*2020-3-4 22:46:10*

---

Bernie is Mellow Meadow.

Yes just like Baydƒ±n

*2020-3-4 22:41:0*

---
