# Tweets - Week 26f

"@radleybalko

Percentage of tickets issued by NYPD officers that went to black or
Latino people for . . . .

jaywalking: 99%

riding a bike on the sidewalk: 86.5%

'Campaign To Remove NYPD From Traffic Enforcement Gains Steam'"

---

Damn. This shit is even worse than I thought!!

"@TheEnergyNerd .. Whole used or damaged batteries are classified as
hazardous materials in the US, and Europe requires extensive
documentation"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/TheEnergyNerd/status/1276244607987302401)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The liberal fears the white Juche</p>&mdash; Punished Sanders (@AndrewThe_Jew) <a href="https://twitter.com/AndrewThe_Jew/status/1276222145413201925?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Fantastic. Mitch might face a progressive in the Senate election after
all.

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbXdVVZX0AIC1iD?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

Creality CR10 S4 3D printer < 1000 dollars. Incredible.

[Link](https://youtu.be/zM-IxgED9zw)

---

Maybe Keir didnt like the part that wasn't too excited abt him.

RLB cld have hold off on the contra posts for a time perhaps? Dunno
how this stuff works in UK.

---

This is the article she shared. "Systemic racism is a global issue
.. The tactics used by the police in America, kneeling on George
Floyd’s neck, that was learnt from seminars with Israeli secret
services”

[Link](https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/features/maxine-peake-interview-labour-corbyn-keir-starmer-black-lives-matter-a9583206.html)

---

Rebecca Long Bailey (shadow sec, tried to get Lab nomination herself
but lost to Keir) asked to step down, for sharing an article?

---

Gobble gobble version is like \#6.

Dane version is odd

"@AdamCSharp

Names for people who read a lot:

6) Bookworm (English)

5) Book flea (Indonesian)

4) Library mouse (Romanian)

3) Read-rat (German)

2) Ink drinker (French)

1) Reading horse (Danish)"

---

Mandrillus Sphynx - The Drill \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/fMWtlGwfEFU?t=38)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Health care is a right for all — not a privilege for the few.</p>&mdash; Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1276172044925722625?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@wendellpotter

Amid America's \#COVID19 disaster, I must come clean about a lie I
spread as a health insurance exec: We spent big [dollars] to push the
idea that Canada's single-payer system was awful & the U.S. system
much better. It was a lie"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/wendellpotter/status/1276158510955401216)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr"><a href="https://t.co/PcmmE9VWaD">pic.twitter.com/PcmmE9VWaD</a></p>&mdash; Public Citizen (@Public_Citizen) <a href="https://twitter.com/Public_Citizen/status/1276105956330483714?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Fat Jon - In Position \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/AaOd9Q6xe0Y?t=82)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Americans love to complain about the media they love to consume.<br><br>They also claim that, instead, they&#39;d like to consume media that demands intellectual effort and challenges their beliefs.<br><br>However, they aren&#39;t willing to make any effort, and hate to see their beliefs challenged. <a href="https://t.co/I9zKGuyKmY">https://t.co/I9zKGuyKmY</a></p>&mdash; Alberto Cairo (@AlbertoCairo) <a href="https://twitter.com/AlbertoCairo/status/1276114648723599360?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Noone knows. There have been some experiments with modified form of
issue based voting; They sample a group of people from the population,
get them the necessary information on an issue, hoping that these
people become knowledgable enough so they can run judgement on the
issue.  But, who prepares the information? The knowledge in a briefing
could influence a decision..

It's like jury work in US, random citizens are selected to decide on
court case. That duty is no cakewalk BTW, ppl cram into a room and
spend hours in there, listen to witnesses, lawyers, so in a way become
a mini-expert on the issue themselves before they decide.

"How will postmodern governance look like?" 

---

That is modern politics. Centralized, concentrated,
synchronized. Prev post is about products, liking something that
anyone can run a judgement on. In modern gov there laws, regulation,
military, bureucracy "out there" and you send people "in" who know (or
learn, but eventually know), manipulate that system in your
favor.

"But isn't leadership important, as in politics?"

---

"In modern marketing, this idea–that a tiny cadre of connected people
triggers trends–is enormously seductive. ... In addition to The
Tipping Point, there was The Influentials, by marketing gurus Ed
Keller and Jon Berry, as well as the gospel according to PR firms such
as Burson-Marsteller, which claims 'E-Fluentials' can 'make or break a
brand.' ..

Yet, if you believe [social scientist Duncan] Watts, all that money
and effort is being wasted. Because according to him, Influentials
have no such effect. Indeed, they have no special role in trends at
all.

He has analyzed email patterns and found that highly connected people
are not, in fact, crucial social hubs"

[Link](https://www.fastcompany.com/641124/tipping-point-toast)

---

"@skdh

If you have a new experiment that continues to bring up measurement
results that were previously thought to be implausible or even
impossible, how long does your excitement last before you consider
that maybe your measurements are the problem?

'Black neutron star discovery baffles astronomers -- bbc.com'"

---

"@HydrogenCouncil

Countries do not have to choose between economic growth, jobs or
emission reduction. All three can go hand in hand"

[Link](https://twitter.com/HydrogenCouncil/status/1275827184444342278)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr"><a href="https://t.co/jV9VbKM2RB">pic.twitter.com/jV9VbKM2RB</a></p>&mdash; Perfectly Cut Screams (@AAAAAGGHHHH) <a href="https://twitter.com/AAAAAGGHHHH/status/1275184466474881024?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

You always hear "three strikes you are out" type of talk in the context of citizens.. but never hear it for cops. If standards are raised for good behav shouldnt they be raised for policing as well?

---

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbV7tSpXYAMN9-X?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

Dude. Dont go there.. especially given the half-baked state of the
tech.

"An Algorithm That 'Predicts' Criminality Based on a Face Sparks a Furor"

---

