# Tweets - Week 28d


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Canada and Australia sign MOU to increase collaboration in hydrogen and fuel cell technologies üá®üá¶üá¶üá∫‚ö°Ô∏è - <a href="https://t.co/rbHJZJxtKk">https://t.co/rbHJZJxtKk</a><a href="https://twitter.com/H2MobilityAus?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@H2MobilityAus</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/Austrade?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Austrade</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/TCS_SDC?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@TCS_SDC</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Canada?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Canada</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Australia?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Australia</a> <a href="https://t.co/xWsmp5LRcc">pic.twitter.com/xWsmp5LRcc</a></p>&mdash; CHFCA (@PoweringNow) <a href="https://twitter.com/PoweringNow/status/1280555288232226816?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

How? Through Don Cheadle in [Golden Girls](https://youtu.be/BGDfMo-LX2Q)?
Yeah. Scary üò∂

Great of course *that* also gets talked about. 

"But US kept on criticizing that flag"

---

Absolutely. Imagine, a side fights, and *loses* a war, and the other
side allows them to keep their statues, flags, and even send the
occasional President to Washington. And keep on this policy until it
literally couldn't, which is probably now. Letting shit be, this is
America. It lets "Italians", "Polish", etc to say whatev frack they
want to call themselves, albeit delusional, they can say it, just like
Confederate states live with their symbols as if they won the war.

"You said US lets subcultures be, allows to be how they are, as a form
of light assimilation. Were Confedarate symbols part of that?"

---

Pretty diverse list of people

"Our cultural institutions are facing a moment of trial. Powerful
protests for racial and social justice are leading to overdue demands
for police reform, along with wider calls for greater equality and
inclusion across our society, not least in higher education,
journalism, philanthropy, and the arts. But this needed reckoning has
also intensified a new set of moral attitudes and political
commitments that tend to weaken our norms of open debate and
toleration of differences in favor of ideological conformity. As we
applaud the first development, we also raise our voices against the
second"

Signed by Steven Pinker, Noam Chomsky, Zephyr Teachout, Fareed Zakaria, et al

[Link](https://harpers.org/a-letter-on-justice-and-open-debate/)

---

Such an asshole. Unbelievable.

"Bolsonaro tested positive for the coronavirus"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">...and science.</p>&mdash; Joshua Ulrich (@joshua_ulrich) <a href="https://twitter.com/joshua_ulrich/status/1280567218233884672?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@AllanQuatermai9

'I think that science fiction, even the corniest of it, even the most
outlandish of it, no matter how badly it's written, has a distinct
therapeutic value because all of it has as its primary postulate that
the world does change'"

---

"@JoSamps92

Plans to construct a 5bn dollar world-scale green \#hydrogen-based
ammonia production facility powered by renewable energy in
\#SaudiArabia have been unveiled today by @airproducts"

---

"Coronavirus herd immunity may be 'unachievable' after study suggests
antibodies disappear after weeks in some people"

[Link](https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-antibodies-study-herd-immunity-unachievable-spain-2020-7)

---

"@gabriel_zucman

Sir Gus O'Donnell calls for wealth tax as part of UK's Covid-19 response"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The Ayn Rand Institute received a PPP loan of between $350K and $1 million<a href="https://t.co/EOhMBQh40f">https://t.co/EOhMBQh40f</a></p>&mdash; Pat Fitzgerald (@PatFitzgerald23) <a href="https://twitter.com/PatFitzgerald23/status/1280217058677084160?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Chelsea Manning‚Äôs Jailer Is Running For Congress -- As A Democrat"

[Link](https://sirota.substack.com/p/chelsea-mannings-jailer-is-running)

---

Taibbi: "[R]ather than confronting how¬†they contribute to systematic
racism, companies tend to force their employees into trainings with
outside academics like DiAngelo.¬†

'This is how corporate America views the race problem, it views it as
an individual issue that where racism is is sort of inexorably stuck
in all of us and the only way that we can combat it is through
relentlessly listening to corporate consultants'

[Link](https://thehill.com/hilltv/rising/505699-matt-taibbi-slams-bestseller-white-fragility-as-corporate-vision-on-racism?amp#click=https://t.co/XEYD07xC4G)

---

And to find the guide posts on which direction to go to, for that
theory of two things, it's probably instructive to look at the last
big thing. What was the last big thing? Black
holes. Hawking. Information. t Hooft (Nobel laurate) did bunch of
stuff there also (who is apparently Verlinde's *master* thesis
advisor).

---

I like he focuses to fix one thing, not trying to do the grand
approach; gravity and Einstein's take on it was always odd, doesn't
fit everything else, so he is trying to fix that, using information,
entropy and "emergent gravity". Maxwell combined electricity and
magnetism. He wasn't trying to do a grand theory of everything, just a
theory of .. two things.

Verlinde: "[On the theory of everything] I think it's already
surprising that we've come come this far as humans to understand our
the universe around us, but it's partly to do with the fact that we
are very good at making things abstract in equations that we can
handle, but in doing so we ignore a lot of information. I think we're
smart but I don't think we're infinitely smart, so for me the idea
that we can have a theory of everything, that really explains
everything, is sort of hubris"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Kobe got out of here right on time<br><br>This place is fucking terrible lmao<br>RIP</p>&mdash; Johnny Cakes (@TheArtlessD) <a href="https://twitter.com/TheArtlessD/status/1266214895068086274?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 29, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@skdh

Just because some people used bad models doesn't mean all models are
bad. Without models we'd have neither houses nor highways and wouldn't
have weather forecast either. Without models we basically wouldn't
have science"

---

Playing word games.. I dig it. Tickles me little bit... But we all
know, within a general context, it is.

"To be technically correct the Sun is not renewable energy"

---

Harbor Tea Rooms - Midnight Hour \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/gzNU7aRvA9E?t=36)

---

@Schuldensuehner

Good Morning from Germany where [.. e]lectricity prices on EEX slid
deeply into negative territory due to too much supply from wind &
solar w/no storage facilities (for example hydrogen) available

---

Laurie Johnson "Jason King Theme" \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/2hPj4jthKxQ)

---