# Week 40

FUCK JOBS

---

Paul Anka, It's My Life - Jazz Version \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/tJSByloqesE)

---

By football I mean the sport where u kick the ball around. 

---

Sport means all parts of the player needs to MOVE.

Ping Pong is a sport. Even golf, which is closer to taking a shit than
football, is a sport.

"But what defines a sport? Increased heart rate? [news program trying
to justify calling pro gaming a sport]"

---

Of course.. people in US living near Canada used to cross over to to
buy "cheap" insulin there, right? But now with the border closed they
are screwed. They are like rationing.. and sharing.. ?  This is crazy.

---

"@dailyposter

According to data gleaned from a recent government report, the richest
1% steal $266 billion in unpaid taxes EVERY SINGLE YEAR"

---

Not The Onion

"IRS: Sorry, but It‚Äôs Just Easier and Cheaper to Audit the Poor"

[Link](https://www.propublica.org/article/irs-sorry-but-its-just-easier-and-cheaper-to-audit-the-poor)

---


US has fairly stable neighborhood. Protected by two oceans from both
sides, imperial powers gone, calm Canada to North, now pieceful
relations with Mexico. The neighborhood around the Caucasus, ME, not
so calm.

---

The Daily Poster: "There‚Äôs an impulse to try to turn Trump‚Äôs tax
shenanigans into a story only about Trump ‚Äî as if he is a singular
villain. But while he deserves much criticism for gaming the system,
we can‚Äôt ignore the fact that it is¬†a system ‚Äî¬†one that allows wealthy
people like Trump avoid paying $266 billion of taxes every single
year"

[Link](https://www.dailyposter.com/p/the-two-huge-questions-about-trumps)

---

FUCK JOBS

---

FUCK JOBS

---

MORE ROBOTS

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Record 293,000 robots In U.S. factories. Sales of new robots remain on a high level with 33,300 units shipped in 2019, which is 17% less compared to 2018 <a href="https://t.co/Mqb8U20IyM">https://t.co/Mqb8U20IyM</a></p>&mdash; Control Design (@Control_Design) <a href="https://twitter.com/Control_Design/status/1310613152078409729?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Bloomberg: "Hydrogen Breaks Through as the Hottest Thing in Green
Energy"

[Link](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-09-24/how-hydrogen-became-the-hottest-thing-in-green-energy-quicktake)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Brazil‚Äôs Federal Police is subpoenaing <a href="https://twitter.com/GuilhermeBoulos?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@GuilhermeBoulos</a> ‚Äî the socialist presidential candidate in 2018 and one of the leading candidates for S√£o Paulo Mayor this year ‚Äî to question him about *critical tweets of Bolsonaro*, for those who want to understand authoritarianism: <a href="https://t.co/VNuKvnzCvZ">https://t.co/VNuKvnzCvZ</a></p>&mdash; Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) <a href="https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/1310618164703698945?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@mtaibbi

Lol at this offhand detail in the Times piece: 'Nor do [tax records]
reveal any previously unreported connections to Russia.'"

---

BTW, once you bet on the simplest, most efficient tech basis (key
decision in engineering) then you can innovate easier on more parts of
the problem, simultaneously. Maybe in the future H2 wont be in tanks
anymore, but in metallic form, or in ammonia, or somewhere
else... These can all be seperately innovated on, while the base
architecture remains the same. So cars can anchor on H2 as fuel, and
further innovation gets you that fuel more and more
efficiently. Infrastructure, adaption, TCO are all part of it.

---

FT: "The world‚Äôs biggest aircraft maker Airbus unveiled 'historic'
designs for hydrogen-fuelled passenger planes on Monday. A few days
later, the world‚Äôs first sizeable aircraft to be powered by hydrogen
took flight. It was piloted by start-up ZeroAvia, based in California
and Cranfield, England. A commercial launch might be just three years
away, it says.

As aviation comes under pressure to curb emissions, investment in
hydrogen is being stepped up. Hopes of using battery technology as a
green alternative to jet fuel are fading. Batteries are just too heavy
for long flights, given their low energy density. Airbus, with
Rolls-Royce, closed a demonstrator project in April. ...

The EU is pushing green hydrogen hard, arguing that it could meet
nearly a quarter of world energy demand by 2050. The UK government,
which backed the ZeroAvia venture, is also keen"

[Link](https://twitter.com/FTLex/status/1309506640337612803)

---

What of the debates? IMO only the last one counts. I'd limp throughout
the first two and open the can of whoop ass on the third. Kerry could
not finish the job on the last one, and did not get the title as the
'winner of the debates'.

---

They are there to tip the balance, to decide between submerge or
rising to surface. I think a sub is built with juust enough weight
right at the edge of that balance; then filling tanks or emptying them
tips the scale either way. Tanks alone could not do that. You can't
balance a force proportional to displaced water with just water.

"But you said subs require weight.. What are those tanks [taking water
in] are for then?"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hydrogen/aviation: coming clean <a href="https://t.co/JoFQo4Q17m">https://t.co/JoFQo4Q17m</a></p>&mdash; The Lex Column (@FTLex) <a href="https://twitter.com/FTLex/status/1309506640337612803?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Habit from aero -- '50 kg craft hover requires 50 kg of thrust' u say,
makes it easier to think about it, technically incomplete, but getting
force from mass is easy, $F = ma$ or $F = m g$, $g = 9.8$
approximately, or 10. For force mass of $m = 50 kg$ is multiplied by
10, becomes 500 Newtons.

"You say weight in kilos but talk about push, as in force, kg is not a
force unit"

---

I'd love to see someone try to make a sub fly. If you see that shit in
a movie don't believe it. It's so heavy... It's like a Boeing with
lithium-ion batteries üòÜ üòÜ üòÜ üòÜ

---

Now we understand why it is always cramped in a sub.

---

An Ohio class sub weighs 16000 tons. 16K TONS. Typical car weighs < 2,
even a Boeing 737 weighs 71 tons.

---

While it looks fun, a submarine hobby might not be practical. Say I
wanted to have a subsurface living environment, width 2.5, height 3
length 6 meters. This means

```python
w=2.5;h=3;l=6
print (w*h*l, 'm^3')
```

```text
45.0 m^3
```

of volume. 1 cubic meter of water is 1 ton. Then, and bcz when you
submerge something same amount of volume of water in weight pushes
back at you, to counteract it and to remain below surface, you need
provide downward pull of 45 tons! You must artificially *add weight*
to keep this thing below water. People use steel, lead, whatever it
takes to make the structure heavy; this complicates things
logistically in DIY terms, hauling something >20 tons in a truck is a
major pain in the ass. Then u need build on site, or in a navy
yard. We r now talking lots of material, hairy logistics.. government
level stuff.

My interests / skillset are mostly around keeping things light, subs
are a different kinda game.

---

Polk.. that was one sneaky son of a bitch.

[Link](https://youtu.be/3OMmxKiG4LE)

---

"Pompeo: Chinese Consulate in NYC Is Espionage Hub"

[Link](https://www.nationalreview.com/news/pompeo-chinese-consulate-in-nyc-is-espionage-hub)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">‚ÄºÔ∏èOur member <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FINCANTIERI?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FINCANTIERI</a> starts dry dock for experimental vessel <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ZEUS?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ZEUS</a> - <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ZeroEmission?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ZeroEmission</a> Ultimate Shipüö¢! The vessel will be equipped with a 130 kW <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> system powered by about 50 kg of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a><br><br>Read moreüëâ<a href="https://t.co/kdE4hR86cZ">https://t.co/kdE4hR86cZ</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleanenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleanenergy</a> <a href="https://t.co/wHk8hwNOsW">pic.twitter.com/wHk8hwNOsW</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen Europe (@H2Europe) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2Europe/status/1310141850678898694?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 27, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"The Judiciary Act of 1789 established the first Supreme Court, with
six Justices. In 1801, President John Adams and a lame-duck Federalist
Congress passed the Judiciary Act of 1801, which reduced the Court to
five Justices in an attempt to limit incoming President Thomas
Jefferson‚Äôs appointments. Jefferson and his Democratic-Republicans
soon repealed that act, putting the Court back to six Justices. Then,
in 1807, Jefferson and Congress added a seventh Justice when Congress
added a seventh federal court circuit.

In early 1837, President Andrew Jackson was able to add two additional
Justices after Congress expanded the number of federal circuit court
districts. Under different circumstances, Congress created the 10th
Circuit in 1863 during the Civil War, and the Court briefly had 10
Justices. Congress then passed legislation in 1866 to reduce the Court
to seven Justices. That only lasted until 1869, when a new Judiciary
Act sponsored by Senator Lyman Trumbull put the number back to nine
Justices"

[Link](https://www.constitutioncenter.org/blog/packing-the-supreme-court-explained)

---

Changing the make up of the SCOTUS, not unheard of. FDR nearly packed
the court when they started hand-wringing about the New Deal.

---

Whadidasay? World War 3. Telling ya

"Armenia and Azerbaijan clash over disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hello FORTRAN my old friend<br><br>I‚Äôve come to code with you again<br><br>Because algorithms softly creeping<br><br>Random seeds set while I was sleeping<br><br>And the version that was running on my mainframe<br><br>Still remains<br><br>Within the sound of science</p>&mdash; James (@astrocrash) <a href="https://twitter.com/astrocrash/status/1309621918916640769?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
 
---


Zee you fonked it up badly son.. CH needed less authoritarianism, not
more. How u gon get out of this shit?

---

Zee Ping Ping 

---

Ho Dung Lai Lai

---

CNBC: "We're in the 'middle of a breakthrough' for the hydrogen industry"

[Link](https://youtu.be/ELbQT57qeG8)

---

The PQM Project - Babe I'm Gonna Leave You \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/UsU_xp1ynoE?t=113)

---

"@_taylorhudak

Shocking revelations on \#Assange case irregularities & judges' conflicts of interest"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/_taylorhudak/status/1309910266910593029)

---

"75% of UK biz is unprepared for Brexit"

[Link](https://youtu.be/F2W4soC1UHQ?t=352)

---

<iframe width="340" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vy3gMVGwjuc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

"The cost of proteins will be five times cheaper by 2030 and 10 times
cheaper by 2035 than existing animal proteins, before ultimately
approaching the cost of sugar. They will also be superior in every key
attribute ‚Äì more nutritious, healthier, better tasting, and more
convenient, with almost unimaginable variety.

This means that, by 2030, modern food products will be higher quality
and cost less than half as much to produce as the animal-derived
products they replace.

The impact of this disruption on industrial animal farming will be
profound. By 2030, the number of cows in the U.S. will have fallen by
50% and the cattle farming industry will be all but bankrupt"

[Link](https://www.rethinkx.com/food-and-agriculture-executive-summary)

---

If there are cheap, large scale processes that can generate green H2,
a company like Solar Foods can skip the step of generating it on their
own, just purchase it on the market, speeding up the process.

---

H2 will be required even to produce food! Energy for the car, energy for you!

"Solar Foods, a Finland-based company, has developed a process to use
renewable electricity and CO2 to produce a healthy ingredient that
looks like wheat flour and contains 50% protein. 'Because we don‚Äôt use
sugars, or similar agricultural feedstocks, we can completely
disconnect from agriculture,' Vainikka says. The process uses solar
power to split water through electrolysis in a bioreactor, creating
hydrogen that can give microbes energy as they‚Äôre also fed carbon. The
microbes produce a food that‚Äôs composed of roughly 20-25% carbs, 5-10%
fat, and 50% protein"

[Link](https://www.fastcompany.com/90372330/would-you-eat-a-burger-made-out-of-co2-captured-from-the-air)

---

"@H2Europe

Three UK companies partnered up to build \#ZeroEmission trains thanks
to \#hydrogen"

[Link](https://twitter.com/H2Europe/status/1309462659373228033)

---

"@Jkylebass

The only person in the world that can bring @SenTomCotton and
@RashidaTlaib together is Secretary xi xinping. Concentration camps
are enough of deterrent for Wall Street to stop acting as Beijing's
bankers"

---

"@Jkylebass

One of china‚Äôs largest property developers is pleading to the
government for help as it faces a cash crunch. It‚Äôs bonds were just
halted in the chinese market"

---

Battery based solutions cannot be scaled.

Mainstream storage neeeds to be anchored on something else.

---

If everyone used batteries to store energy, here is the amt of lithium
needed.. Single person consumes 10 KW of energy, 240 Kwh / day, to
hold the energy required for a day, for everyone,


```python
consumption = 10 # kw, per person
pop = 7.8e9 # world population
daily_world_consumption = consumption*24*pop # kwh
kg_lit_needed = daily_world_consumption / 70.0 * 60.0
print ('needed,', int(kg_lit_needed / 1e9), 'million tons') # billion kg
```

```text
needed, 1604 million tons
```

Required lithium is over 90 TIMES of what is available in reserves.

---

There is >60kg of lithium carbonate in a 70kWh battery. The entire
world reserve for lithium is estimated to be ~17 million tonnes.

Simply put, there isn't enough of this shit to go around.

---

400 liters of water is used per kilo of lithium production. Major waste.

Water use is a problem bcz while lithium rich water is dug up, potable
water resources also shift.

---

CNBC: "Hydrogen-powered passenger plane completes maiden flight in world first"

[Link](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/09/25/hydrogen-powered-passenger-plane-completes-maiden-flight.html)

---

You are one with the tree... Trippy dude.

"[D]espite the incredible diversity of living things, animals, plants,
and the enormous variety and diversity of micro-organisms, we all have
characteristics that we share.  The same biochemical base, the same
DNA as genetic material, and we're all based on the same proteins.
Everything that's in bacteria, fungus, birds, whales or plants is the
same stuff"

[Link](https://youtu.be/ltzJbdKtKa4?t=1035)

---

