# Tweets - Week 23d

Cafe is empty. I'd pay fricking extra for everything to have this
level of sparseness all the time.

*2020-06-02 12:19:58*

---

Pohlice looks like acting completely outside its element, thoroughly
confused themselves.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">What the hell? <a href="https://t.co/zbAuvkjJJV">pic.twitter.com/zbAuvkjJJV</a></p>&mdash; Las Vegas Locally 🌴 (@LasVegasLocally) <a href="https://twitter.com/LasVegasLocally/status/1267210841595604992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

I wonder if gov can "embed" social workers in every pol patrol. These
workers wld have completely diff training, wout guns, be there in
every situation. I'd give them some serious pull like a a few demerits
from them sends u straight to IA. I'd setup a complete seperate
hierarchy for them, seperate from Mayor.

If police is acting too dug as we keep seeing, w bunker mentality,
can't reform, u need to crack open that wall let fresh eyes inside.

Two seperate hierarchies are actually used in some gov / militaries to
prevent junta formation.

---

"The early American police forces evolved out of slave patrols in the
South, and “progressed” to enforce the Black Codes from the Civil War
period and beyond, on to Jim Crow through the late sixties if not
longer. ...

Because they’re constantly throwing those people against walls, ..
modern cops correctly perceive that they’re hated. As a result, many
embrace a “warrior” ethos that teaches them to view themselves as
under constant threat.    This is why you see so many knees on heads
and necks, guns drawn on unarmed motorists, chokeholds by the
thousand, and patterns of massive overkill everywhere ...

Police are trained to behave like occupiers, which is why they
increasingly dress like they’ve been sent to clear houses in Mosul"

https://taibbi.substack.com/p/where-did-policing-go-wrong

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;No Quarter&quot; was the rallying cry of Confederate soldiers when they met black Union soldiers on the field of battle. It portended mass executions. <a href="https://t.co/wfNbSwBqdQ">https://t.co/wfNbSwBqdQ</a></p>&mdash; Kevin M. Levin (@KevinLevin) <a href="https://twitter.com/KevinLevin/status/1267487405545795584?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-02 08:46:47*

---

*For All Mankind*... it's slow. Shantel VSanten is the bomb

*2020-06-02 08:46:45*

---

What was that UK pol axiom? "Chaos benefits conservatives"? We'll see
how it turns out for US.

*2020-06-02 08:46:42*

---

Frickin military language everywhere.. During 2008 even f'nut econs
were using words like 'shock and awe'

"@missy_ryan

Defense Sec Mark Esper during WH call w governors re civil unrest: "We
need to dominate the battlespace.'"

*2020-06-02 08:46:39*

---

"@davidsirota

IMPORTANT: Trump shut down the federal initiative scrutinizing local
police departments -- then he made it easier for police departments to
access military weaponry, even as research showed that such weaponry
corresponds to more violent police behavior"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We live in farce <a href="https://t.co/7JtuYSZk6Y">https://t.co/7JtuYSZk6Y</a></p>&mdash; Aaron Stein (@aaronstein1) <a href="https://twitter.com/aaronstein1/status/1267522218902335489?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:50:21*

---

"@NickHanauer

The pitchforks are coming. And when they are here, there will not be a
hole you can dig deep enough to hide from them. Gonna make paying
people enough to live in dignity seem really really cheap"

*2020-06-01 21:48:40*

---

Unresolved Shit Piling Up. That is the headline that describes the world right now.

*2020-06-01 21:43:31*

---

😂😂😂

"Brexit deadline approaches with no deal in sight"

*2020-06-01 21:43:28*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A no quarter order is a war crime, prohibited even in actual insurrection since Abraham Lincoln&#39;s signed the Lieber Code in 1863. Such an order is banned by international law and would, if carried out, be murder under American law. <a href="https://t.co/YbSw1sM9KW">https://t.co/YbSw1sM9KW</a> <a href="https://t.co/OiNsRT7PPy">https://t.co/OiNsRT7PPy</a></p>&mdash; David French (@DavidAFrench) <a href="https://twitter.com/DavidAFrench/status/1267481733190037505?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:43:25*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">If actual bad apples killed dozens of people, there would be a national recall of ALL apples.</p>&mdash; Eliza Skinner (@elizaskinner) <a href="https://twitter.com/elizaskinner/status/1267495391064285186?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:43:22*

---

I dont give much shit abt jobs but the tech is surely ready

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">📽️ Interview of <a href="https://twitter.com/bartbiebuyck?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@bartbiebuyck</a>, <a href="https://twitter.com/fch_ju?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@fch_ju</a><br><br>👔 &quot;We could create 5.4 millions jobs in the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> &amp; <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> sector,<br>💶 generate €820Bn of revenues annually - only for this sector!<br>🌍 and we contribute to the environment by reducing CO2 emissions by 560M tonnes every single year!&quot;</p>&mdash; cH2ange (@cH2ange) <a href="https://twitter.com/cH2ange/status/1267474736281518086?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:43:16*

---

Read my mind

"@samstein

What would really calm down these protestors now is a capital gains
tax suspension on assets bought between now and the end of the year"

*2020-06-01 21:41:36*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This GOP senator who bought and sold stock after getting non-public information about the pandemic is now pontificating about accountability...because in our political culture, absolutely positively nothing matters at all <a href="https://t.co/1pXTCN8FnN">https://t.co/1pXTCN8FnN</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1267508159599394816?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:41:33*

---

Hey US would it be possible we do not push already retarded countries
into proxy wars so their democracies do not degrade? Asking for a
friend.

"@joshua_landis

Turkey and Russia are preparing for a large-scale war in Syria claims"

*2020-06-01 21:41:30*

---

Fuckin duplicates.. `sort file | uniq -cd | sort -nr` is your friend.

*2020-06-01 21:41:28*

---

"@noloveformylove

IF YOU TAKE PICTURES AT A PROTEST: DO NOT FORGET TO SCREENSHOT THE
PICTURE AND POST THE SCREENSHOT INSTEAD. IT WIPES THE METADATA SO THEY
CANT LOOK BACK AT THE PICTURES YOU POSTED AND ARREST YOU FOR BEING
THERE. BY WIPING THE METADATA YOU ESSENTIALLY ERASE TIES TO YOUR
CAMERA+"

*2020-06-01 21:41:21*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">“I’m going to crush Chuck Rhoades like that character in the movie crushed that other character in the same movie, or perhaps like a 90s dad rock band’s second album” <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Billions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Billions</a></p>&mdash; Tim Maughan (@timmaughan) <a href="https://twitter.com/timmaughan/status/1267287129035608065?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:41:18*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">NYT: Russiagate obsession saved MSNBC and enriched its on-air stars, but the “disappointing conclusion” — in which nothing that their hosts promised actually happened — caused ratings to “plummet” as confused and disoriented viewers turned away en masse:<a href="https://t.co/HFDeZZj6uS">https://t.co/HFDeZZj6uS</a> <a href="https://t.co/IvvJiujBC0">pic.twitter.com/IvvJiujBC0</a></p>&mdash; Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) <a href="https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/1267444624626462720?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:41:16*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In 2012 I published a piece called The Housing Crash and the End of American Citizenship outlining the collapse of our social contract and predicting the rise of authoritarian trends and social disorder. None of this is unexpected. <a href="https://t.co/yI7Iemy3fC">pic.twitter.com/yI7Iemy3fC</a></p>&mdash; Matt Stoller (@matthewstoller) <a href="https://twitter.com/matthewstoller/status/1267450154153660416?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-06-01 21:41:12*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The US Department of <a href="https://twitter.com/ENERGY?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Energy</a>’s (DOE’s) <a href="https://twitter.com/fossilenergygov?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@fossilenergygov</a> has announced up to $30 in federal funding for cost-shared research and development projects for small-scale solid oxide <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> systems and <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hybrid?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hybrid</a> energy systems.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2View?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2View</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a><a href="https://t.co/5JQYrtozTH">https://t.co/5JQYrtozTH</a></p>&mdash; H2 View (@h2_view) <a href="https://twitter.com/h2_view/status/1267399396385271808?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-6-1 16:53:55*

---
