# Week 38

"@Cmdr_Hadfield

If there's life in the upper atmosphere of Venus, then we're going to
find life on many planets and moons - and around other stars"

---

"Astronomers may have found hints of life in clouds of Venus"

---

"Data scientists" learn about the vector dot product as a "distance
measure", bcz their vectors are usually "features" i.e. customer, with
age, height, etc values on it, and if already normalized they can get
$\cos\theta = v_1 \cdot v_2 $, no need to $\arccos$ even just use it
as a raw measure between -1 and +1.

But I bet half of them dont know dot product can be seen as
projection. Sad.

---

Writing an introduction to introduction to linear algebra content,
supplementing the grand teacher Strang.. feels weird...

---

"General Motors and Nikola Corporation announced a strategic
partnership on Tuesday in which GM will supply hydrogen fuel-cell
systems and battery systems to Nikola"

[Link](https://www.greencarreports.com/news/1129530_gm-will-build-nikola-badger-electric-truck-supply-hydrogen-fuel-cell-tech)

---

Even if there is a pivot to Ammonia Economy from Hydrogen Economy (not
much change, cars can still run on H2) the production of clean NH3
requires clean H2 as feedstock. EU made the right bet.

---

"Toyota doubles down on hydrogen fuel cell tech with a redesign of the Mirai"

[Link](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-new-awd-electric-polestar-2-is-a-good-blend-of-performance-and-efficiency-2020-09-09)

---

There are pipelines for ammonia too

---

Woha. Woman says saw bird flying straight, then just drop like a
brick, dying from bad air \#fires \#california

---

Even safe quarters on climate are feeling the heat a little.. People
look outside, looks like the end of times... bitchslapping toward
every direction becomes a good idea

---


"The European Parliament‚Äôs Environment Committee ... agreed on a new
EU climate target for 2030. The text, which still needs the approval
of the entire Parliament and the 27 EU member states before becoming
law, commits Europe to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 60%"

---

So hitting page down does not scroll web page down anymore? Thank
you. Who thought up this feature?

---

That's right -- command line, as in textual input is much more
expressive than visual clickety click.

One word is worth thousands of pictures.

"The command line remains so incredibly popular because it‚Äôs so
incredibly versatile.

You can do a lot in a terminal. You can manage your OS, apps and
files; you can connect to remote servers, watch movies, play games,
fetch the weather forecast, and a whole heap more"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">When you replace your non-working code with something copied from StackOverflow <a href="https://t.co/fGQXIGYdjr">pic.twitter.com/fGQXIGYdjr</a></p>&mdash; Mario Fusco üá™üá∫ (@mariofusco) <a href="https://twitter.com/mariofusco/status/1304862788859432961?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 12, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Yeah.. purple air is a deal breaker for me. If I see that shit, I bolt

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">On the importance of good typesetting and layout. <a href="https://t.co/AtPBVLjH6M">pic.twitter.com/AtPBVLjH6M</a></p>&mdash; Nicholas A. Christakis (@NAChristakis) <a href="https://twitter.com/NAChristakis/status/1305263928528777223?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 13, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"[Trump during pandemic] said things to meet the need of the fleeting
moment. In February, the need of the moment was to levitate the stock
market. By mid-March, the need of the moment was to sound smart,
aware, in the know"

---

"[17th century] Tsar Alexei, implemented a new legal code [which]
turned all Russian peasants, 80% of the population, into serfs ‚Äì
effectively slaves - their status inherited by their children, and
with no freedom to travel or choose their master.  It was a system
that dominated Russian rural life for the next 200 years"

[Link](https://youtu.be/w0Wmc8C0Eq0?t=600)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Did you miss the official inauguration of the first <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> buses in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Denmark?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Denmark</a>? Don&#39;t worry! You can read all about it on our website‚¨áÔ∏è<a href="https://t.co/EiBYj2H2Wg">https://t.co/EiBYj2H2Wg</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/carbonneutral?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#carbonneutral</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/aalborg?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#aalborg</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ClimateAction?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ClimateAction</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Decarbonizing?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Decarbonizing</a> <a href="https://t.co/vAfgUK99gd">pic.twitter.com/vAfgUK99gd</a></p>&mdash; Fuel cell bus (@Fuelcellbus) <a href="https://twitter.com/Fuelcellbus/status/1305466893092954112?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Me listening to AC/DC: &quot;Akchuwally, TNT and dynamite are different things&quot;</p>&mdash; Cal Young üåª (@annap442) <a href="https://twitter.com/annap442/status/1304948473633046531?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 13, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

BBC put their news out in 9/11, Imma recheck in 7 days (rolling avg
needs buffer data), if it is still way below 1, you'll hear from me.

---

I dont think that's right.. Last [I checked](../../2020/02/corona.md#Rt) UK was at

```
2020-09-04  0.217387
```

BBC: "UK epidemic growing as R number goes above 1"

[Link](https://www.bbc.com/news/health-54116939)

---

"@A_J_Higgins

Dimensionless groupings that don‚Äôt depend on unit system invariably
have great physical significance. By examining the dimensions of the
parameters alone, G.I. Taylor in 1940s was able to solve the dynamics
of blast waves"

--- 

NYT: "Last summer, oil and gas-industry groups were lobbying to
overturn federal rules on leaks of natural gas, a major contributor to
climate change. Their message: The companies had emissions under
control.

In private, the lobbyists were saying something very different.

At a discussion convened last year by the Independent Petroleum
Association of America, a group that represents energy companies,
participants worried that producers were intentionally flaring, or
burning off, far too much natural gas, threatening the industry‚Äôs
image, according to a recording of the meeting reviewed by The New
York Times.

'We‚Äôre just flaring a tremendous amount of gas,' said Ron Ness,
president of the North Dakota Petroleum Council, at the June 2019
gathering, held in Colorado Springs. 'This pesky natural gas,' he
said. 'The value of it is very minimal,' particularly to companies
drilling mainly for oil.

A well can produce both oil and natural gas, but oil commands far
higher prices. Flaring it is an inexpensive way of getting rid of the
gas"

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/12/climate/methane-natural-gas-flaring.html?smtyp=cur&smid=tw-nytclimate)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Lock them up. <a href="https://t.co/uk5VvhngIk">https://t.co/uk5VvhngIk</a></p>&mdash; Katie Thomas (@KtreeThomas) <a href="https://twitter.com/KtreeThomas/status/1304903379949322240?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 12, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Why stress retracing the steps of innovators? Students need to see how
research is like. You are trying get something out of the jaws of
mother nature and she doesn't wanna give'm to you. They need to see
how hard that is, to reach point B from point A.

It's not just about "logic" (popularized by some scifi). Logic is
about finding inconsistencies within existing elements, mostly it is
not helpful creating new information.

---

Keyb via dedicated wireless receiver (plugs into USB) is
efficient. Stick something into the board and have it be recognized as
a particular hardware and have it just work. "But any BTooth receiver
can connect to any BT device dude..!". It's pain.

---

RPi distro already has VNC support, `realvnc-vnc-server`

---

Mobile computing setup take \#2. Wireless keyb + built-in touchpad
connects to Raspberry directly via USB dongle. Receives entire desktop
visual on smartphone through VNC.

---

NASA: "Right now on the space station, astronauts receive regular
shipments of a wide variety of freeze-dried and prepackaged meals to
cover their dietary needs ‚Äì resupply missions keep them freshly
stocked"

---

"Lettuce was grown in ISS but we still can't grow food in space in the
quantities which would allow us to sustain human existence"

---

From a cost / benefit angle EU losing just England wld be less painful
for them than losing the entire UK. And for both Scots and N. Ireland
staying in EU is more beneficial for them... So the English are the
odd man out here.. everyone else benefits from letting *them* go

---

"@ProfBrianCox

From a purely logical standpoint, shouldn‚Äôt this say ‚ÄòLeaving EU a
threat to integrity of the U.K.‚Äô because there was no threat before we
left? You can‚Äôt have a policy of erecting a customs and regulatory
border with your neighbour and then blame your neighbour for the
border.

... Telegraph: 'Johnson: EU a threat to integrity of the UK'"

---

"@AlexJamesFitz

just called my cable co to cut TV and go internet-only to save money
and they tried to sell me a YouTube TV plan that would've been more
expensive than what I was paying for straight-up TV via the cable co"

---

Well Emmerich movie *2012* was off by 8 years but.. that's the idea.

---

"Temperature screening alone, at exit or entry, is not an effective way
to stop international spread, since infected individuals may be in
incubation period, may not express apparent symptoms early on in the
course of the disease, or may dissimulate fever through the use of
antipyretics; in addition, such measures require substantial
investments for what may bear little benefits"

[Link](https://www.who.int/news-room/articles-detail/updated-who-recommendations-for-international-traffic-in-relation-to-covid-19-outbreak)

---

Yeah - the Lebanese are tired of that shit. This is just marketing
mumbo-jumbo. They want to stop dying basically, not be a 'phoenix'.

"Beirut is a phoenix ... Legend has it that Beirut was rebuilt from
the ashes seven times, making it an urban phoenix"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Why is fast and furious Tokyo drift the only one in the series that I can rewatch endlessly</p>&mdash; üê™ (@awkrum) <a href="https://twitter.com/awkrum/status/1304999519285915648?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 13, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---


