# Tweets - Week 25e

File Brazillia, La Boulangerie Digitale \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/1ZskFge3Udg?t=32)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Germany&#39;s national <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> strategy is now available in its entirety in English: <a href="https://t.co/zhQzKMGgal">https://t.co/zhQzKMGgal</a><br><br>If 32 pages are too much for you, here is a summary: <a href="https://t.co/MC2ylQDOvA">https://t.co/MC2ylQDOvA</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytransition?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytransition</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ClimateAction?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ClimateAction</a> <a href="https://t.co/3gyMd2jZyT">pic.twitter.com/3gyMd2jZyT</a></p>&mdash; Clean Energy Wire (@cleanenergywire) <a href="https://twitter.com/cleanenergywire/status/1273279649397833733?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr">The Nice Côte d’Azur Metropolis has started to trial <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> powered bikes. <a href="https://t.co/bBAT3KdDcq">https://t.co/bBAT3KdDcq</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1273306177057816577?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Aahh, the right keyword makes all the difference; "variable pitch". 

---

No. It's a [First Wave](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2017/10/foragers-farmers-morris.html#hierarchy)
thing.

"Womens being treated as second-class citizens in history all around
the world is a sexual thing"

---

Basically the motto seems to be if out-of-the-ordinary shoot it, or
escalete things so you can shoot it, or at the very least put a
chokehold on, then call it a day.

"@herosnvrdie69

Do y’all remember when the cops shot an unarmed social worker laying
on the ground with his hands up trying to help his autistic patient?"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/herosnvrdie69/status/1272879354918379520)

---

"@esaagar

Nothing to see here folks. Just US firm @thermofisher selling
equipment to the Chinese government so they can build a DNA database
of their citizens for the sole purpose of maintaining authoritarian
control"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/esaagar/status/1273287519166246912)

---

<img width="240" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/8d/ff/bc/8dffbc8f542a0675d46295cfde54f764.gif"/>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">My first bagel store job in Ithaca, 1981, no one warned me that cops would just walk in and help themselves to free coffee. <a href="https://t.co/orMdus3Zs6">https://t.co/orMdus3Zs6</a></p>&mdash; Philip N Cohen (@familyunequal) <a href="https://twitter.com/familyunequal/status/1273466762642808832?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Great.. of course gov is partially tring to deflect from own troubles
by putting attention on someone else's, but this is good.

"@SenateForeign

I’m glad the \#UyghurHumanRightsPolicyAct was signed into law
today. This legislation is the product of a true bipartisan, bicameral
effort, and I look forward to its full implementation soon"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In fairness, you’re in england</p>&mdash; Dan Greene (@Greene_DM) <a href="https://twitter.com/Greene_DM/status/1273363851564797955?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@SarcasmStardust

I love when someone attempts to mock me by saying 'you just want some
hippie utopia.'

You mean a society where people take care of each other and work
together to advance humanity in a positive, peaceful way?

Why yes, Chad. Yes I do"

---

"@mtaibbi

NBC has successfully appealed to Google to demonetize the Federalist,
which has repeatedly (and correctly) criticized MSNBC's atrocious
Russiagate coverage"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Breonna Taylor’s police report said she had “no injuries” when she in fact had 8 gunshot wounds. And the 3 cops responsible still walk free. WT fucking F?</p>&mdash; Ron Perlman (@perlmutations) <a href="https://twitter.com/perlmutations/status/1273284690347089921?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

It was one death too much. Dont look for "tipping points". This issue
was something most whites abhorrred.

"@AkwugoEmejulu

Like the rest of you, I’ve been puzzled by white people’s
mobilisations for Black lives in this moment. Why now? Why George
Floyd, particularly?"

---

"@dlfivefifty

Positives of maintaining open source maths software: can do research
much faster with tools designed especially for your work. Negatives:
trying to do research often degenerates into a day or two of fixing
completely unrelated bugs"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is the most important trial result for COVID-19 so far. Significiant reduction in mortality in those requiring oxygen or ventilation from a widely available, safe and well known drug. Many thanks to those who took part and made it happen. It will save lives around the world. <a href="https://t.co/zRIaHulHOe">https://t.co/zRIaHulHOe</a></p>&mdash; Professor Chris Whitty (@CMO_England) <a href="https://twitter.com/CMO_England/status/1272877425295319040?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Ballard Power @BallardPwr It's happening - the cost reduction of
\#hydrogen \#fuelcell \#technology for \#FCEBs

[Link](https://bit.ly/30OvIaE)

---

Reminder that Roberts, Gorsuch were also in favor of the Colorado baker. 

---

