# Tweets - Week 26e


From The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF)

[Link](https://www.uscirf.gov/news-room/press-releases-statements/uscirf-condemns-turkish-military-operations-in-northern-iraq)

---

Twenty four?

"Madison Cawthorn, 24, beats Trump's pick in North Carolina GOP House
primary"

---

Dude trying to pronounce Afghanistan with a "guh" sound like
"Af-guh-nistan" thinking he is with it, knows the "local" ways,
virtue-signaling that he is cultured, "knows shit". What a f-ing
retard. I've seen cases when other person did not understand bcz of
this retarded pronunciation. Do you want to communicate, or just
making some kind of bullshit statement, retard?

---

@FareedZakaria

The Last Look, from today's GPS: After hitting America's cities, the
virus is spreading to Republican-leaning areas.

[Link](https://twitter.com/FareedZakaria/status/1274780283871641600)

---

These algos become training data's bitch. No panacea. 

"@ozm

Training these kinds of A.I. systems based on the movements and
arrests of existing police officers is, quite literally, training them
to follow their same bad habits and discriminatory tactics."

[Link](https://twitter.com/ozm/status/1275926741832404992)

---

"@charstarlene

Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor. Attorney General: Daniel Cameron

attorney.general@ag.ky.gov 

Mayor of Louisville: Greg Fischer

greg.fischer@louisvilleky.gov"

---

"@SulomeAnderson

A cop hit on me when I was 21 and drunk in front of a club. I told him
to go f**k himself. He slammed me against a wall and when I resisted,
wrestled me to the ground and arrested me. I was taken to the precinct
and cuffed to a pipe in front of a drunk tank of men for 18 hours"

---

"@amontalenti

'Always interpret text based communication in the most positive or
charitable way' is a good rule of thumb for folks who are new to
distributed teams"

---

I saw that paper. Genius. 

[Link](https://youtu.be/d80oXSCcHTk?t=49)

---

Jackass

"@RexChapman

Hereâ€™s video of Scottsdale City Councilman Guy Phillips shouting "I
Can't Breathe" before removing his mask at today's Anti-Mask Rally in
Arizona"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/RexChapman/status/1275950050712211456)

---

"@allyjarmanning

Boston is now the second largest city in the world to ban the use of
facial recognition technology. The city council just voted unanimously
for a ban"

---

Haha Kissenger said of Flynn "he'll be gone within a year" when he
took the job said he's the wrong type of person for it. Whatever u
might think of the man he knows gov work, and its characters.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I dont know Mr Bowman &#39;s politics, but this should signal that the swamp can be drained. Same with the young man winning the GOP primary to replace Meadows.</p>&mdash; Tutuncommon (@pepvet) <a href="https://twitter.com/pepvet/status/1275818490381897728?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

You say

'it can carry X kg'

I hear

'it can handle X kg of thrust'.

---

"@davidsirota

It's 100 degrees in the Arctic -- how are you cool with the Democratic
Party spending big money to defeat progressive @Romanoff2020 and buy a
primary for oil ally @Hickenlooper"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Imagine if there was a competent 3rd party in the US right now.</p>&mdash; Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) <a href="https://twitter.com/EWErickson/status/1275402926132015104?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Dont see a cop as a person. He is a program. A collection of codes of
culture, expectations, peers, rules and regulations. Nothing "tips",
or happens "in a snap". Find the underlying structure and fix it.

---
