# Tweets - Week 26c


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Major fossil fuel player Phillips 66, is eying UK&#39;s Gigastack Renewable <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> Project, which aims to reduce cost of renewable <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/h2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#h2</a>. Lessons learned could be applied to energy storage and other grid services in the US and elsewhere. <a href="https://twitter.com/cleantechnica?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@cleantechnica</a> <a href="https://t.co/deiA5VQYTm">https://t.co/deiA5VQYTm</a> <a href="https://t.co/uicLiIRe8K">pic.twitter.com/uicLiIRe8K</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen &amp; Fuel Cell Pilot (@FuelCellPilot) <a href="https://twitter.com/FuelCellPilot/status/1275265720025255937?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@RBReich

The United States incarcerates more people than:

Russia

Brazil

Italy

France

Spain

Germany

Mexico

Turkey

Algeria

Sweden 

Norway 

Finland

UK"

Combined.

---

You can't have a blanket denial of all conspiracies. Otherwise you
would have missed the conspiracy that toppled Mossaddeq in Iran. That
was a CIA plot. "Stuff that sounds weird", "too easy" or "out of the
ordinary" isn't necessarily a bad explanation.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr">Wat <a href="https://t.co/4ssnnRzP1E">https://t.co/4ssnnRzP1E</a> <a href="https://t.co/VjMkLFSlg7">pic.twitter.com/VjMkLFSlg7</a></p>&mdash; Steve Koczela (@skoczela) <a href="https://twitter.com/skoczela/status/1275136580248907776?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">this is all deeply depressing and infuriating <a href="https://t.co/UfSKOguDcv">https://t.co/UfSKOguDcv</a></p>&mdash; Tim Maughan (@timmaughan) <a href="https://twitter.com/timmaughan/status/1275133090407550976?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Poland is loading for bear... You know all that is with Russia in
mind.They are obsessed with Russia.

"Rafael Advanced Defense Systems has joined Polandâ€™s Ottokar-Brzoza
tank-destroyer program"

---

2008 election was about Dubya, the incumbent.. His popularity would
lift or doom McCain (the latter happened). The Bama team kept their
side of things light on details, not much policy, just emphasized the
McCain-W connection (voted with W 90% of the time, etc etc). It worked
(how could it not?), McCain he even joked [about
it](https://youtu.be/pq4zrOoHXeg?t=547).

---
"@MaitreyaBhakal

What stage of capitalism is it when the government says masks aren't
useful just because there aren't enough of them?

"Fauci said US government held off promoting face masks because it
knew shortages were so bad that even doctors couldn't get enough""

---

Tommy Lee Jones was in the '95 movie? Did that guy always look old? Al
Gore's roommate.. I saw a pic as student, he still looked old as fuck.

---

Interesting take.. I never liked the Nolan stutff 

"@zachdcarter

Unpopular Opinion: *Batman Forever* is a much better movie than *The Dark
Knight* or *The Dark Knight Rises* ...

*Batman Forever* is fun and good. Christopher Nolan nailed *Batman
Begins* but ran out of things to say and delivered *The Dark Knight*,
which pretends to be a fancy intellectual film but is really vague
fascism with cartoon characters. *The Dark Knight Rises* is just a bad
movie"

---

RIP

"Joel Schumacher, director of Batman films, dies at 80"

---

Hickenlooper was probably hurt by his perf at the national Dem
primaries. His state must have thought well "he doesn't look like some
hot shit, he did so badly nationally".

---

That's why Tesla's technology is so retarded; they tried to create
something wout gov seriously invervening (except some tax breaks which
simply pushed the inferior battery tech further). BEVs are based
partially on the dipshit Silicon Valley guy going "I could put my
notebook battery on a car duuuude", but also having no infrastructure.

In the modern world, real change happens top-down. Through gov
action.

---

Government level involvement in H2 fuel in a major way can change
everything. A lot of things will become "safe" for bi'ness all of a
sudden. They will start innovating more in this "safe space".

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">god, do I miss drinking overpriced cocktails in a crowded hipster bar while someone asks me how long Iâ€™ve lived in SF and what I do for work</p>&mdash; Armand Domalewski (@ArmandDoma) <a href="https://twitter.com/ArmandDoma/status/1274819033469075456?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

.. or using alternate timeline just to "spruce things up". 

New Trek does both, no? Starting with that 2009 reboot? Which was
okay-ish, then everything went downhill.

"@timmaughan another day another scifi book description that starts
with 'SPACEBOI'S HOME PLANET HAS BEEN DESTROYED' we need a moratorium
on using genocide as character motivation, it's lazy and gross"

---

EU-China summit

[Link](https://youtu.be/C-0f-YxRVc4?t=118)

---

It's like they have built-in head stabilization software

<img width="340" src="https://i.imgur.com/bHA8ep8.gif"/>

<img width="340" src="https://cdn.zmescience.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gyro_cat.gif"/>

<img width="340" src="https://i.gifer.com/ZTaN.gif"/>

---

Powell says FED accounts could work too well (destroying private
banks' business). Well I cant blame a guy for not wanting to destroy
the system he's tasked to run. FED sits at the
[center](../../2011/03/fundamentals-of-industrial-ideologies_17.md) of a
[concentrated](../../2011/03/fundamentals-of-industrial-ideologies_15.md)
system of other banks.

This is why *wave changes* are so great. All individual waves have an
intricate web of internal structures, contracts that hold it
together. Wildly different big thing needs to come from outside
(through leaders of those new constructions, like Nano), implying its
own system.

---

"For decades bigger and bigger colliders got funded thanks to past
prestige, but prestige fades away while costs grew until hitting human
resources and time-scales...

Around 2000 German physicists proposed aÂ new collider, but the answer
wasÂ nein. Around 2010 Americans tried, but the answer was no. Next
Japanese tried, but the answer was 'we express interest' which in
Japanese probably means no. Europeans waited hoping that new
technology will be developed while the Large Hadron Collider will
discover new physics and motivate a dedicated new collider to be
financed once the economic crisis is over. Instead of new technology
and new physics we got a new virus and a possible new crisis.

The responsibility of being the last dinosaur does not help
survival. Innovative colliders would need taking risks, but unexplored
energies got so high that the cost of a failure is no longer
affordable"

[Link](http://backreaction.blogspot.com/2020/06/guest-post-who-needs-giant-new-collider.html?m=1)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Well said Albert, let&#39;s consider every solution. ðŸŒ¿<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EUSEW2020?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EUSEW2020</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/ZRW0sqhmgC">pic.twitter.com/ZRW0sqhmgC</a></p>&mdash; cH2ange (@cH2ange) <a href="https://twitter.com/cH2ange/status/1275038841527812097?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---