# Week 34

They probably reached some kind of modus vivendi, which is good, no
need for needless struggle if everyone can get something

"@ChrisMurphyCT

The careful, purposeful steps @BernieSanders has taken to bring the
party together this spring and summer will be a huge part of the story
we tell when @JoeBiden wins"

---

Pryda - Madderferrys \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/Nyp_BtF1pC8?t=274)

---

The marketing around the "Google Killer" Wolfram Alfa was mostly bunk
tho.. SW goes back and forth being ignored and posturing
needlessly...

He is a serious scientist, no doubt there.

---

Our uni legend had it one our CS profs, my Alg I teacher as it turns
out, had code in Mathematica. He worked with SW's ppl I think. During
lecture he'd slip up sometimes and say "cellular automata" when it was
totally unrelated so we guessed this was his area of research. The
area attracted some smart people is what Im trying to say.

---

Stephen Wolfram might have something promising; starting from
computation, emergent physics cld be possible.. You'd hear things abt
his group over the years, one mathematician I know stumbled upon an
invention that had to do solving PDEs using cellular automata, and he
was piled on by Wolfram's people, even threathening legal action for a
patent issue?  Anyway, u gotta be wary of these kind of motherfonkers
tucked away somewhere toiling away on arcane knowhow.. They might just
stumble upon the real thing -- 42.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The size of the gates in Jurassic Park suggests they were always planning on letting the dinosaurs out.</p>&mdash; MehGyver (@TheAndrewNadeau) <a href="https://twitter.com/TheAndrewNadeau/status/1295179407678734336?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---


Monaghan, founder of SPH is from Monash U? Some good science coming
out of Oz!

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">U.K. to trial <a href="https://twitter.com/Alstom?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Alstom</a> ‘s zero-emission hydrogen trains in race for net zero <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/greenrecovery?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#greenrecovery</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/emissionscrisis?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#emissionscrisis</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ukhydrogenstrategynow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ukhydrogenstrategynow</a> <a href="https://t.co/8iznUwZorH">https://t.co/8iznUwZorH</a></p>&mdash; RyseHydrogen #wecantwait (@RyseHydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/RyseHydrogen/status/1295280260817260545?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Sad. And I am laughing. 

"@tixhonjm

Watch but do not laugh!"

[Link](https://twitter.com/tixhonjm/status/1295033816252329985)

---

The Mohawks - Pepsi \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/EoS0001UlI8?t=33)

---

"The momentum from both stalwart players like Cummins and upstarts like
Nikola to deploy zero-emission Class 8 trucks comes as regulators
begin the march toward mandating that a certain percentage of trucks
sold each year produce no emissions. The California Air Resources
Board made history in June by announcing that OEMs will be required to
begin selling zero-emission commercial trucks and vans in 2024"

[Link](https://www.ccjdigital.com/hydrogen-fuel-cell-future/)

---

"RONN Motor Group, today announced the anticipated 2022 release of its
new Hydrogen Fuel Cell SUV the 'Myst', named for the fact the only
emission from a hydrogen fuel cell vehicle is water
vapor. ... Engineered in the United States by a team of automotive
industry experts"

[Link](https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2020/08/10/2075845/0/en/RONN-MOTOR-GROUP-INC-ANNOUNCES-TODAY-ITS-FIRST-HYDROGEN-FUEL-CELL-SUV-NAMED-MYST-ANTICIPATED-FOR-LIMITED-RELEASE-IN-CALIFORNIA-AND-CHINA-MARKETS-IN-2022.html)

---

They are talking about merely compiling BTW (creating executable
code), not even running that code and checking the result.

"Repeatability in Computer Science.. Only 1/3rd of code could be built"

[Link](http://reproducibility.cs.arizona.edu/)

---

I guess that makes sense, elastic body cld be seen as fluid with a few
constants changed.

Solids are fluids that dont move much?

Or elasticity is left-over fluidicity in solids?

See I like that. Saying more with less. 

---

Shit - SPH can do elastic dynamics too? 

[Link](https://youtu.be/l-f16KjR9Bw?t=498)

---

Glamping, hah.

---

They microwave poo, burning it essentially. 

"@scion_research

After 5 years developing, designing, building and testing prototypes,
our team have demonstrated their toilet technology concept works. It
uses a process called sub-critical wet-oxidation, engaging heat &
oxygen to kill pathogens & breakdown solids"

[Link](https://twitter.com/scion_research/status/1278139514318401537)

---

This guy goes around and showcases tiny houses around the world

[Link](https://www.youtube.com/user/livingbigtinyhouse)

---

Tiny house movement is growing. People convert cargo containers etc
for living space, create simple environment, mostly off the grid,
self-reliant (energy from solar or from fuel stored nearby).

---

🔥 🔥 🔥

Ed Markey

[Link](https://youtu.be/86-3yuzn5UU?t=152)

---

*The Atlantic*: "By the end of March, Mina had identified a culprit:
'There’s little ability for a central command unit to pool all the
resources from around the country,' he said at a Harvard event. 'We
have no way to centralize things in this country short of declaring
martial law.' It took several more months for him to find a solution
to this problem, which is to circumvent it altogether. In the past
several weeks, he has become an evangelist for a total revolution in
how the U.S. controls the pandemic. Instead of restructuring daily
life around the American way of testing, he argues, the country should
build testing into the American way of life. The wand that will
accomplish this feat is a thin paper strip ... It is a coronavirus
test.

Mina says that the U.S. should mass-produce these inexpensive and
relatively insensitive tests—unlike other methods, they require only a
saliva sample—in quantities of tens of millions a day. These tests,
which can deliver a result in 15 minutes or less, should then become a
ubiquitous part of daily life .. The tests Mina describes already
exist: They are sitting in the office of e25 Bio, a small start-up in
Cambridge, Massachusetts; half a dozen other companies are working on
similar products"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2020/08/how-to-test-every-american-for-covid-19-every-day/615217/)

---

Truman was **not** a simple farmer. Politicians might allow such
things to be said abt themselves or even help spread the commentary to
help their "man of the people" image. Reality is different. Truman had
lots of experience before he became President. County judge, Civil
Works admin, Senator, worked at a high-profile commitee, Vice
President, *then* Potus.

"But anyone can serve at the highest office look at Truman he was a
simple farmer"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Turning literally *everything into a partisan culture war has real consequences, especially for people who don’t have the luxury of caring about them. <a href="https://t.co/usNEaZAuoy">https://t.co/usNEaZAuoy</a></p>&mdash; S.E. Cupp (@secupp) <a href="https://twitter.com/secupp/status/1294842851382235136?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Update: California heatwave now expected to be much more intense, prolonged, and dangerous than initially anticipated. (Hence, the new blog post.) This one reminds me of July 2006 in many ways... <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CAwx?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#CAwx</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CAfire?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#CAfire</a><a href="https://t.co/UHzYO7Mjhe">https://t.co/UHzYO7Mjhe</a></p>&mdash; Daniel Swain (@Weather_West) <a href="https://twitter.com/Weather_West/status/1294294016205324290?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@vtg2

I’m beginning to think 'hindsight is 2020' was some kind of message
from a future time traveler that we all misunderstood"

---

Private Debt to GDP jumped

`2020-04-01    187.184117`

So did Total Consumer Credit Outstanding as % of GDP

`2020-06-01    21.252590`

The stock market is now more overbought, see Wilshire.

Same old story, stawks good, the rest so-so

Latest [stats](2019/05/stats.md)

---

All posts [on patents](2018/09/patents.md)

---

Knuth [on patents](2020/08/knuth-on-patents.md)

---

Apparently it is becoming a thing in Thailand

<img width="340" src="https://i.cbc.ca/1.5687544.1597443321!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_780/thailand-protest.jpg"/>

---

That's funny

"A prominent student protest leader in Thailand has been arrested on
charges of sedition as pro-democracy rallies continued across the
country.Parit Chiwarak, 22, whose arrest was livestreamed on social
media, was stopped on the outskirts of Bangkok on Friday night. As he
was physically carried into a car, he raised his hand in a
three-fingered salute – a gesture borrowed from the Hunger Games that
is used by protesters and symbolises opposition to the military-backed
government"

---

"@thehill

Romney breaks with Trump's criticism of mail-in voting: 'I don't know
of any evidence that voting by mail would increase voter fraud.'"

[Link](http://hill.cm/zc3oZch)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Chapter 1: Why Hydrogen?<br><br>1,000+ mi range. 5 min recharge. Ultra-low weight efficiency. Longer vehicle life. Extreme Temperature endurance. Low cost recyclability. <br><br>Hydrogen is the future of electric energy storage, with pure water as it’s only emission.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hypercar?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hypercar</a> <a href="https://t.co/917eU7KUFz">pic.twitter.com/917eU7KUFz</a></p>&mdash; Hyperion Motors, Inc (@hyperionmotor) <a href="https://twitter.com/hyperionmotor/status/1294460895175692288?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"'What I’ve noticed is that, as opposed to everything I’ve done my
entire career, the biggest difference is that in the future there will
be no lines on the battlefield,' Gen. John Hyten, vice chairman of the
[JCS], said.... Hyten who will be a keynote speaker at September’s
Defense News Conference — laid out a vision in which every force can
both defend itself and have a deep-strike capability to hold an enemy
at bay, built around a unified command-and-control system.

'A naval force can defend itself or strike deep. An air force can
defend itself or strike deep. The Marines can defend itself or strike
deep,' he said. 'Everybody.'

That 'everybody' includes international partners, Hyten added, as the
U.S. operates so often in a coalition framework that this plan only
works if it can integrate others"

[Link](https://www.defensenews.com/pentagon/2020/08/14/no-lines-on-the-battlefield-the-pentagons-new-warfighting-concept-takes-shape)

---

"Arab League blasts Turkey's cross-border operations into Iraq"

---

If the "outside countries" want to help, maybe they check their
actions as to not force the core ME to act this way.

"[UAE actions are] unfair and bitter for the Palestinians. But it
corresponds to an irreversible trend: It is no longer Israel , but
above all Iran and increasingly also Turkey that are perceived by many
Arab states as dangerous 'intruders' in their own region"

[Link](https://amp.dw.com/de/kommentar-einigung-zwischen-israel-vae-und-usa-abschied-vom-staat-pal%C3%A4stina/a-54571199)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">“HOW TO MAKE A BLOCKBUSTER MOVIE TRAILER”<br><br>Brilliant.<br><br> <a href="https://t.co/wIzh9iQ3fk">pic.twitter.com/wIzh9iQ3fk</a></p>&mdash; Michael Warburton (@mikewarburton) <a href="https://twitter.com/mikewarburton/status/1294231424246198275?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Redlands Passenger Rail project that will showcase USA&#39;s first <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> powered train is now more than 70% complete. Pic of crews performing work on the rail crossing gate system at Colton Street. Brick by brick, new clean energy transportation is coming. <a href="https://t.co/NTXO6nBBZE">pic.twitter.com/NTXO6nBBZE</a></p>&mdash; RMP (@respectmyplanet) <a href="https://twitter.com/respectmyplanet/status/1294372703709868034?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

`numpy-stl` 👍 Good stuff. Allows accessing of CAD files from Python. 

---

<center>
<img width="140" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETZJzIkXgAAEi9Q?format=jpg&name=small"/>
</center>


