# Week 31

HyTime. Great name. As in "it's HyTime we switch to renewable fuels  .. "

"With between 20-45% of the diesel fuel being displaced by green
hydrogen on the various vehicles, the HyTIME project concluded that
with the appropriate hydrogen infrastructure, fleet wide roll-out
could provide a huge and timely step change in overall fleet
emissions"

[Link](https://www.greencarcongress.com/2020/07/20200721-hytime.html)

---

The grid is inefficient as hell. De-electrification is needed.

---

\#disruptTheGrid

"I'm most interested in seeing how Bloom Energy can potentially solve
two problems at once with a new strategy. The company recently
announced a new solid oxide electrolyzer that it expects to have
available in 2021. In its simplest form, an electrolyzer simply uses
energy (usually electricity) to split water into hydrogen and oxygen
atoms. It's the reverse of the chemical reaction that takes place in a
fuel cell.

The reason electrolyzers are important for energy is that -- if
they're cost-effective -- they could essentially make fossil fuels
obsolete by creating clean, abundant fuel. Water is abundant, and
there's more than enough wind and solar energy to replace all fossil
fuels, so clean energy isn't a problem either. Bloom Energy plans to
use this fuel for its backup markets, but it could also be used in
large ships currently being developed by Samsung Heavy Industries and
Bloom Energy. This could disrupt shipping as well as the grid"

[Link](https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/07/24/hydrogen-stocks-are-hot-heres-what-to-buy-now.aspx)

---

"10 Stocks Riding the Soaring Demand for Hydrogen Fuel"

[Link](https://247wallst.com/infrastructure/2020/07/24/10-stocks-riding-the-soaring-demand-for-hydrogen-fuel/)

---

Maybe the whole world can adapt the Japanese bow instead of the handshake.

"Could Covid spark the end of handshakes?"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">this is 3% the size of the pentagon budget just passed by the senate <a href="https://t.co/PkQIxvmeGT">https://t.co/PkQIxvmeGT</a></p>&mdash; Georgia (@nationalparke) <a href="https://twitter.com/nationalparke/status/1287478905247498240?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 26, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@NicAthens

South of Greek island \#Crete [with] the US aircraft carrier. Exercise
of the Navy and Air Force of #Greece is expected to take place with
the task forces of the #USŒë aircraft carrier Dwight D. Eisenhower on
August 2-3"

[Link](https://twitter.com/NicAthens/status/1286755908903735298)

---

"@JohnBerman

BREAKING: New @cnn polls.

Biden +5 in FL, +4 in AZ, +12 in MI"

---

"The [NYC] police officer whose use of a prohibited chokehold led to
the death of Eric Garner in 2014 had a record of misconduct"

[Link](https://www.propublica.org/article/nypd-civilian-complaint-review-board-editors-note/amp)

---

"@ericuman

For decades, NY has kept cops‚Äô records secret. You couldn‚Äôt know an
officer‚Äôs history, or even they‚Äôve been displined. Police unions have
gotten a judge to stop NYC from releasing most of the docs But we have
the records too. And now, so do you"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/ericuman/status/1287408433294180355)

---

H2 energy for houses.. üëç

"The LAVO system uses innovative, patented metal hydride technology to
store hydrogen equivalent to up to 60kWh electricity, which is enough
to power an average household for approximately three days"

[Link](https://fuelcellsworks.com/news/bringing-the-power-of-hydrogen-to-homes-is-a-step-closer/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It&#39;s a Kobayashi Maru. You have to pick the guy or he just shoots you, and two people can&#39;t defeat that many rats no matter what. So even with the rats and the shotgun guy, you can&#39;t even stop all the bulls (let alone the rest). I would choose to die with the wolves and lions.</p>&mdash; Socially Distant Cousin (@OchamsRazr) <a href="https://twitter.com/OchamsRazr/status/1286809584921976833?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Cold War is not a bad idea. Better than a hot war, right? One thing is
for sure I dont want these c@\#ksuckers at my door, or anyone else's,
peddling influence.

---

*The Atlantic*: "Keeping Arizona red shouldn‚Äôt be a challenge; the
state has long been a Republican stronghold. But Arizona is changing
rapidly, and right now, the forecast for the GOP looks grim .. Joe
Biden has been leading in the presidential polls there for weeks"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2020/07/trump-turning-arizona-blue/614572/)

---

*The Atlantic*: "The U.S. and China both offer different social and
governance models‚Äîone is generally free and open and the other is
authoritarian and closed. Each threatens the other, not necessarily
because of the foreign-policy choices the leaders make, but because of
what the governments are at their core. Beijing believes that the
freedom of the press, the internet, social media, NGOs, economic
interdependence, and exchange programs all have the potential to
undermine their regime. They are not wrong. Indeed, many Americans saw
this as a positive side effect of engagement. Many Americans rightly
understand that China‚Äôs authoritarian model has negative externalities
that threaten U.S. interests and freedoms. Tools of repression
domestically find their way overseas. Beijing seeks to censor all
criticism of its regime by coercing other governments, companies, and
individuals. It sucks up data on foreign citizens. It employs
mercantilist techniques to pursue dominance of new technologies. China
is actively seeking to eviscerate liberal norms around human rights,
anti-corruption, and freedom of speech. The regime interferes in
democracies to advance its interests. Neither side can accommodate the
other without compromising the essence of its system"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/07/pompeos-surreal-speech-on-china/614596/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Sorry but if the spectacle of a ragtag band of savvy Home Depot shoppers armed with $50 leaf blowers choking out federal stormtroopers with their own tear gas doesn‚Äôt fill you with joy, you‚Äôre a bad patriot who hates America, sorry I don‚Äôt make the rules <a href="https://t.co/mVuk6TcYKa">https://t.co/mVuk6TcYKa</a></p>&mdash; Jay Willis (@jaywillis) <a href="https://twitter.com/jaywillis/status/1286886938633334785?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<img width="200" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Edyv4BWWAAAUHHC?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

"The first submersible application of fuel cells is the German Type 212
submarine. Each Type 212 contains nine PEM fuel cells, spread
throughout the ship, providing between 30 kW and 50 kW each of
electrical power. This allows the Type 212 to remain submerged
longer and makes them more difficult to detect. Fuel cell powered
submarines are also easier to design, manufacture, and maintain than
nuclear-powered submarines"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Sitting on the porch. Just told a teenager to pick up a bottle he threw on the ground. He looked irked, but he did it. I‚Äôm officially old.</p>&mdash; Marc Lamont Hill (@marclamonthill) <a href="https://twitter.com/marclamonthill/status/1287107366727671820?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Need to learn from the founders. While designing the system they
always had the worst-case scenario in mind.

"Barbara Boxer: DHS was a mistake. I regret voting for it.  I never
imagined a president like Trump when I voted to create the Department
of Homeland Security" --  washingtonpost.com

---

Nobodys that dumb. Not even the Army

Honeypot. Guaranteed.

"But I still cant believe that post was placed there intentionally. It
has to be a mistake"

---

Jake Tapper wrote the book on which *The Outpost* movie was based?
Not bad...

Finally someone with half a brain at CNN!!

---

"Videos Show How Federal Officers Escalated Violence in Portland" --
nytimes.com

---

"Amazon Met With Startups About Investing, Then Launched Competing
Products" -- wsj.com

---

"@BenJealous

It costs an estimated 790 dollar to fully dress a police officer in
riot gear. It costs an estimated 11 dollar to dress a medical worker
in PPE"

---

Suranne Jones, wonderful as the female Tardis.

---

Coalition mgmt as orchestra conducting, fine. As long as the horns get
their turn as much as the cellos

---

"@davidsirota

For the most part, if you shill for corporate power, you‚Äôre never canceled for anything. If you challenge corporate power, you run the risk of being canceled for anything"

---

So it's all in the smell.. Where is the nonlinear regression (sorry,
"AI") model to replicate this? If there are smell sensors accurate
enough as dog's nose then the rest would be doable

"@KevinWhitelaw1

Dogs with a few days of training are capable of identifying people
infected with the coronavirus, according to a study"

[Link](https://twitter.com/KevinWhitelaw1/status/1286665134593769472)

---

BMW was undecided for a while but must have sensed the winds
changing. Or a kick in the pants from the DE gov

"@tixhonjm

BMW X5 hydrogen fuel cell version coming"

---

N. Patrick Harris is in the new Matrix?

Is this thing going to be a dark parody of the first three movies?
Like a *Starship Troopers* but for computer simulation.

---

They might have tried to pander little bit, bad guy attacks "the
East", which is behind a wall, their leader looks Asian, but it's good
action movie, which means it talks to something human. You can't lay
it on too thick and expect it to be a good movie.

"*Mortal Engines* (2018) looks a bit like CH propaganda"

---

"UK Government launches Hydrogen Advisory Council"

[Link](https://www.energyvoice.com/oilandgas/253835/uk-government-launches-hydrogen-advisory-council/)

---

Macron: "Stress support for Cyprus and Greece on TR incursions into
your territory, territorial threats against a EU member state is
unacceptable, transgressing side needs to be punished"

[Link](https://youtu.be/kZu86r-QOjw?t=205)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Every player and coach on the Yankees &amp; Nationals took a knee before the national anthem tonight in D.C.<br><br>(via <a href="https://twitter.com/MarkZuckerman?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@MarkZuckerman</a>)<a href="https://t.co/PrPKv4Gs1Z">pic.twitter.com/PrPKv4Gs1Z</a></p>&mdash; FOX Sports: MLB (@MLBONFOX) <a href="https://twitter.com/MLBONFOX/status/1286439030888914945?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@CSIRO

The race is on against COVID-19 to develop a vaccine. There are now
more than 140 potential vaccines being tested around the
globe. CSIRO‚Äôs Professor S.S. Vasan shares an update"

[Link](https://blog.csiro.au/vaccine-progress-report-the-projects-bidding-to-win-the-race-for-a-covid-19-vaccine/)

---

Oz üëçüëçüëç

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Seven projects with a collective value of half a billion dollars have advanced to the next stage of ARENA‚Äôs hydrogen funding round. Learn More at ARENAWIRE - <a href="https://t.co/mU7ICs8KXO">https://t.co/mU7ICs8KXO</a> <a href="https://t.co/fvxXH5Puyx">pic.twitter.com/fvxXH5Puyx</a></p>&mdash; Australian Renewable Energy Agency (@ARENA_aus) <a href="https://twitter.com/ARENA_aus/status/1285087247415431170?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 20, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

That amt of lithium can destabilize countries (Bolivia?). This tech
needs to be buried. Not fit for use anything other than quick
buffering of energy, in small amounts.

---

Even if battery makers removed **all** cobalt, the remaining issue is
lithium. Then we have 8-15 kg vs 0.007 kg of rare earth usage. This is
not even a contest. The closer I look at this, the worse the BEV
option looks

---

"In general, lithium demand for BEVs is 8‚Äì15 kg Li for [typical]
50‚Äì100 kWh EV battery pack"

[Link](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s41918-018-0022-z)

---

"A catalytic converter in a diesel passenger vehicle typically uses
three to seven grams [of platinum which the next Bosch fuel cell will replicate]"

[Link](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-platinum-week-bosch-fuelcells-exclusi/exclusive-bosch-goes-for-platinum-light-fuel-cells-idUSKCN1SJ0FG)

---
