# Week 49

"@gabriel_zucman

America has a problem with its bloated prison-law-enforcement system
(ahem, highest incarceration rate in the world). Defunding it a bit
is... not crazy? — and in fact this has already started since 2010"

---

F24: "How did we go from calls to research the origins of Covid-19 to
China's call to boycott Australian wine? Relations between Beijing and
Canberra started to seriously go south back in May when the
Australians demanded an independent probe into Coronavirus. Now, on
the week of first anniversary of the first documented case in Wuhan
comes an official protest from prime minister Scott Morrison over the
image of an Australian soldier holding a bloody dagger up to the
throat of an Afghan child, tweeted from the official account of a top
foreign ministry spokesperson"

[Link](https://www.france24.com/en/tv-shows/the-debate/20201202-don-t-mess-with-beijing-pushback-over-covid-fuels-china-australia-row)

---

"@aawayne

NEWS: Americans who've survived Covid-19 are now being denied life insurance"

[Link](https://twitter.com/aawayne/status/1334196169195606023)

---

Iran deserves more of the blame on the Yemeni situation than SA. 

"For at least a decade, there have been numerous Yemeni, Saudi, and
other countries’ assertions that Iran has been involved in supporting
northern Yemeni rebels seeking autonomy from the Sana’a
government. Iranian diplomatic and political support for this
rebellious group (known as the Houthis) is undeniable, but Iranian
military assistance for them has not always been easy to prove. This
situation appeared to change in 2011 when Iran's increased involvement
in Yemen occurred in response to both the chaotic situation there
during the final year of the Saleh regime and the danger that the Arab
Spring revolutions would leave Iran increasingly isolated. Evidence of
Iranian efforts to supply weapons to the Houthis now seems
overwhelming in contrast to uncertain reports prior to 2011"

[Link](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0030438714000325)

---

"@michelletandler

90k households recently filed a change of address form with USPS,
leaving SF. We have ...  ~400k households"

---

"@DerekJGrossman

Secretary of the Navy Braithwaite says "the decision has been made" on
the establishment of an expeditionary First Fleet to patrol the Indian
Ocean (50:17). Looks like this is happening, unless reversed by the
Biden administration"

---

Institutional left lost a lot of ground in the near past, and we were
all worse for it.. See [link](2019/08/focus-group-democracy.md).

---

"@ChrisBurkeShay

.@susie_c has a terrific piece outlining how health care consolidation
made us all more vulnerable to a pandemic. Our system isn't designed
for care; it's designed to maximize profit"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/ChrisBurkeShay/status/1334175456283688961)

---

"@DerekJGrossman

Despite President Duterte’s much-vaunted 'pivot to China,' the
nation’s relationship with the US remains as strong as ever"

---

"@AlxThomp

Biden seems prepared for SCOTUS to strike down Obamacare next year: 'We
have got to end the rural health care crisis right now by building on
Obamacare, assuming it survives at all'"

---

I dont understand why some still keep harping about the Electoral
Collage system... The electoral votes per state are already in
proportion to the individual state population, so there is no danger
of, say, Wyoming (3 electoral votes) overwhelming a state like
Pennsylvania (20 electoral votes). Sure bcz of winner-takes-all nature
of the process on state basis, some discrepancy can occur between
popular vote and the electoral result, but that'll push the candidates
care more about individual states which IMO is a good thing. Also the
system makes democracy more indirect rather than direct and that again
is *awesome*. The system is great the way it is.

---

Incoming national security advisor

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The Australian people have made great sacrifices to protect freedom and democracy around the world. As we have for a century, America will stand shoulder to shoulder with our ally Australia and rally fellow democracies to advance our shared security, prosperity, and values.</p>&mdash; Jake Sullivan (@jakejsullivan) <a href="https://twitter.com/jakejsullivan/status/1334173397035741189?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

NVidia stock price then was around 30s.. Now it is over 500.

---

Why are GPUs (as oppose to CPUs) so popular? They bring you
parallelism on the cheap... It is getting harder to have single CPUs
to go faster, but running things in parallel, w cheap GPUs (with many
"cores") is possible -- first blogged [here](2014/12/q-1012.md). An
entry-level NVidia GTX 1050 GPU has 640 cores. Insane.

---

Well that's good.. current state is somewhat embarrasing..

As Verlinde
[says](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EcQ5MTgWAAEMbqZ?format=png&name=small):
"95% of stuff in the universe, we basically don't understand".

"The Search for Dark Matter Is Dramatically Expanding"

[Link](https://www.quantamagazine.org/physicists-are-expanding-the-search-for-dark-matter-20201123/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Iberdrola and Ingeteam have created Iberlyzer, a Company Dedicated to Electrolyser Plants-<a href="https://twitter.com/iberdrola?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Iberdrola</a> &amp; <a href="https://twitter.com/nelhydrogen?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@nelhydrogen</a> – have combined their capacities to turn <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Spain?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Spain</a> into a technological &amp; industrial benchmark in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/greenhydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#greenhydrogen</a>-<a href="https://t.co/vxe0wldcKk">https://t.co/vxe0wldcKk</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1333765952320761856?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@ArthurDelaneyHP

I interviewed a career bartender in Palm Springs, Calif. whose job
just can't exist with a plague going crazy.

Lawmakers collectively understood that in March, but not now.

'I was making $80,000 a year and living comfortably and now I’m
waiting in food lines,' he said"

---

"@NuveraH2

SoCalGas and SDG&E announced the creation of a \#Hydrogen Blending
Demonstration Program to decarbonize their naturual gas grid"

---

"@libbycwatson

i've already had some really fascinating and enraging emails from
people about bullshit they've had to deal with; remember if you have a
healthcare story of any kind and you want to talk, email
sicknotenewsletter@gmail.com"

[Link](https://twitter.com/libbycwatson/status/1333875702656077828)

---

"@libbycwatson

personal news: I left the New Republic to start a Substack. It’s
called Sick Note, it’s about how awful American healthcare is"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/libbycwatson/status/1333803585310625794)

---

"The hydrogen economy starts today.  In the midst of pandemic, the
Prime Minister gave a speech on the government’s commitments to Net
Zero yesterday"

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/the-hydrogen-economy-starts-today/)

---

Always psyched to learn different modes of parallelization. Dabbled in
a few so far, in-proc threads with in-mem data, multi process with DB,
and map/reduce. The one I am looking at is new, at least in the
close-to-the-metal way of coding it.. 

---

Could even be better on the eyes.. Eye sees light, then makes sense
for the thing we actively try to distinquish to *have* light -- the letters.

---

Lots of options for people who like inverted colors on their
computers. Its like inverted color affinity is some kind of disability
that is actively catered to... nice. 

---

This guy has such a smug face. He could play that "Bob Rumson" role
easy, in the M. Douglas movie, he was Prez etc and mr smugface could
be Bob Rumson, the Rep oppo.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Serious conservatives, responsible moderates, and hard-headed liberals should want a tough-minded OMB head. OMB is where Cabinet secretaries&#39; ill-considered projects go to die, where programs are evaluated, where trade-offs are made. Neera Tanden is the right person for the job.</p>&mdash; Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) <a href="https://twitter.com/BillKristol/status/1333432631552331776?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script> 

---

Jobs in a renewable fuel economy? Of course there will be jobs... I
dont personally give a flying flap about full employment, only that
people have money and health insurance (not the same thing), but a 10
TRILLION $ worth green economy would imply a lot of jobs.. How can
economic activity that large involving a physical product not generate
jobs?

---

Due to their handling of covid some of the "magic" around China's
"good governance" story started to wear off.  They acted in childish
ways, and showed the world that a country who is not accountable to
their citizens, through some kind of ballot / electoral process can
actually be a danger to the entire community of nations.. The freak
experiment that is their system needs to end, at the very least,
evolve drastically.

---

This is the guy, right before a joint press conf w BC, told Tony Blair
"dont fuck this up". Looks like it will be a zoo in there.. Whenever
Im bored Imma hit this motherfucker. Lets make this happen..

---

🤣 🤣 

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">So sick of all the political purists insisting Biden pick a Transportation Secretary who didn’t uh [googles Rahm Emanuel]....cover up a murder?</p>&mdash; Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) <a href="https://twitter.com/kenklippenstein/status/1333300196277710850?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

That's probably the message aimed at too; coalition management. 

"'It’s like putting Chelsea Clinton in the office,' said Kurt
Ehrenberg, Sanders’ former longtime political strategist in New
Hampshire"

[Link](https://www.politico.com/amp/news/2020/11/30/bernie-supporters-seethes-neera-tanden-441603?__twitter_impression=true)

---

"@HCTrudo

NEW: More than 1,000 tweets have disappeared from Joe Biden Office of
Management and Budget nominee @neeratanden's Twitter feed over the
past month, including many that were critical of GOP senators"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I would rather people who think the answer is to cut social security and medicare benefits not be a part of a democratic administration. I mean, was Paul Ryan not available? <a href="https://t.co/BBZKszoTUo">https://t.co/BBZKszoTUo</a></p>&mdash; Sam Seder (@SamSeder) <a href="https://twitter.com/SamSeder/status/1333267465015582720?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Yeah.. that's dumb.

---

🤣 🤣 

NT: "We have a giant deficit. They [Libya] have a lot of oil. Most
Americans would choose not to engage in the world because of that
deficit. If we want to continue to engage in the world, gestures like
having oil rich countries partially pay us back doesn't seem crazy to
me"

[Link](https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/1333166148913942534/photo/1)

---

Fuuuck this shit.. Now every funky experimentation goes into its
virtual machine. 

---

My notebook went mustang but now it is back in play in less than half
a day. This used to be more stressful. WTF? I lost a major point of
drama in my life.

---

Google still does some good things... Collab lets anyone play with
GPUs, for free. Useful. 

---

"@AtomicPunk4U

Want to see a cat drumming to Iron Maiden?"

[Link](https://twitter.com/AtomicPunk4U/status/1333140542855602181)

---

I keep saying fossil companies can be part of the solution. Huge part,
even.. Renewable fuel economy would play into their strengths.

---

EM is a good guy. Strong H2 supporter.

"[Former Obama Energy Secretary Ernest] Moniz was the featured speaker
at the inaugural session of the Stanford University Global Energy
Dialogues on June 9. In a wide-ranging discussion covering the breadth
of energy resources needed to meet our climate challenge, he said that
renewables like wind and solar will be 'critical components.' However,
we also need 'an assault across the board on all approaches,'
including longer-term storage, hydrogen, carbon capture and
sequestration, even technologies that remove carbon from the
atmosphere"

[Link](https://energy.stanford.edu/news/energy-innovation-all-fronts-and-equity-needed-address-climate-change)

---

Scott Morrison is pissed at that China thing. 

---

Tanden? Dont know much abt, but the impression I got from others in
left was that the broad is really dumb

---

"@davidsirota

IMO, it is not a coincidence that they are putting Neera Tanden -- the
single biggest, most aggressive Bernie Sanders critic in the United
States of America -- specifically at OMB while Sanders is Senate
Budget Committee ranking/chair"

---

*The Nordic Theory of Everything* book [opens](2017/08/the-nordic-theory-of-everything.md)
with Clinton introducing Finland President Halonen, praising the country
for its .. leftists ways 😶. BC atoning for some of his sins.,? Democrat Prez
is a Democrat Prez, cant help but feel bad for some of the shit that went
down probably. Half a decade before his wife would lose to a game-show
host BTW.

---

It's funny, these dictator types really arent that informed, bright;
Hitler had no idea what other leaders were truly thinking, their
motives.

Stalin did little better, he was had, but only for a while, figured
out Adolf early enough.

[Documentary](https://youtu.be/E2zrqzvtWio?t=724)

---

"Eat Less Red Meat, Scientists Said. Now Some Believe That Was Bad
Advice. ...  If there are health benefits from eating less beef and
pork, they are small, the researchers concluded"

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/09/30/health/red-meat-heart-cancer.html)

---

We cannot blame politicians who went along with Russiagate. It was too
easy of a narrative for the Dems, a unifier of sorts so it was
followed, pandered to. The onus and the criticism should go to / be on
the media; they chose to perpetuate the convenient lie. Politicians
live in the backdrop where MSM looms large.

---

NYT: "One of the great successes of the Republican Party in recent
decades is the relentless propagation of a simple formula for economic
growth: tax cuts.

The formula doesn’t work, but that has not affected its popularity. In
part, that’s because people like tax cuts ... It was in the context of
this worldview that it became popular to argue that tax cuts would
drive prosperity. Rich people would invest, productivity would
increase, wages would rise.

In the real world, things are more complicated. Wages are influenced
by a tug of war between employers and workers, and employers have been
winning. One clear piece of evidence is the yawning divergence between
productivity growth and wage growth since roughly 1970. Productivity
has more than doubled; wages have lagged far behind.

The point is not that economists were completely wrong. Productivity
obviously plays a role in determining wages. McDonald’s cannot pay
workers more money than it collects from its customers. But economists
were partly and consequentially wrong. Power mattered, too"

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/11/28/opinion/wages-economic-growth.html)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This excellent investigative piece is of the most disturbing things I’ve read in a long time. Poor people in Kansas are being jailed for medical debt. So much would be healed in this country if we had Medicare for all. <a href="https://t.co/7sp6qfVjza">https://t.co/7sp6qfVjza</a></p>&mdash; onekade (@onekade) <a href="https://twitter.com/onekade/status/1332958417699397634?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 29, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@mahmouedgamal44

Important - UAE & France will participate for the 1st time in the
Multinational Military Exercise Medusa-10 alongside with Egypt, Cyprus
& Greece. The Exercise is scheduled to be conducted this year in the
period between Nov. 30-Dec. 6 off Egypt's Alexandria coast"

[Link](https://twitter.com/mahmouedgamal44/status/1332659583828037632)

---

"Blows my mind" = "this is an awesome way of teaching and I'd love to
learn that way". And since microprocessor design is one of the hardest
subjects to teach, if it can be taught like this, we can teach
everything using the same method. No teachers required.

(Except the ones recording the videos -a select few-)

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Blows my mind that MIT puts all this on the web for free<br><br>Know how to code and want to take a step down into the world of CPUs? How to design a basic <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/RISCV?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#RISCV</a> core:<br><br>Slides: <a href="https://t.co/QC45ydsaZp">https://t.co/QC45ydsaZp</a><br><br>Lecture: <a href="https://t.co/af77bDShlu">https://t.co/af77bDShlu</a><br><br>Full course materials: <a href="https://t.co/NiVAfD5GbR">https://t.co/NiVAfD5GbR</a></p>&mdash; Chris Williams (@diodesign) <a href="https://twitter.com/diodesign/status/1332507524403056641?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 28, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

For many years China, a non-democracy, had high level support in US
policy circles, so CH becomes dollar-rich. Then US movies wanted a
piece of that muneeee, but u have to go through the CH censors and
appeal to a different crowd. Ergo movies get a bunch of artificially
planted CH characters, in the *The Meg*, *Independence Day 2*, even
some in *Avengers*. These actors are not there bcz they fit the
storytelling, they are plants which pulls down the quality of your
art. This is nearly as bad, possibly worse, than SJW art.

---

"India-Singapore-Thailand Complete Second Trilateral Maritime
Exercises China's ... aggressive military posturing have provided
India, Singapore and Thailand strategic rationale to combine their
efforts"

---

"Austrian village of 'Fucking' decides to change its name The
long-suffering residents of the small Austrian village of Fucking have
confirmed that, from January 1, the town will be known as
Fugging. Fans of unusual place-names will mourn the loss"

---

"@DerekJGrossman

Pakistan is to China as Vietnam is to India"

---

Slapping new tech on top of the old without replacing the old
structure... Where have we seen this before?

"Remote school is leaving children sad and angry"

[Link](https://www.washingtonpost.com/education/2020/11/27/remote-learning-emotional-toll/?arc404=true)

---

Ok.. now redo the sequels \#starwars

---

And I just realized Katee Sackoff was in S02E03. Wonderful. \#mandalorian

---

Rosario Dawson was great as Ahsoka \#mandalorian

---

Val Kilmer cannot be written off too easily.. For every *The Saint*,
*Spartan* there is *Tombstone*. 

---

You need vitamins (from veg or fruit). Sailors on long treks would get
gum disease from meat only diets. All food storage mthds from all
cultures have a place for fruits for this reason. American Indian
pemmican is buffola meat with berries mixed in.

"Cant you survive only on meat?"

---
