# Tweets - Week 19e

Exchange rate model from Muller-Plantenberg, model 1. TBC. These ODEs
are not complicated at all.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/06/exch.html)

*2020-5-7 17:34:1*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Shell Nederland &amp; ENCO Working Together to Create Green Hydrogen Hub in the Port of Rotterdam--<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Wind?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Wind</a> energy to power Rotterdam green <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> plant up by 2023 with a capacity of 759 MW enough to power +1 million Dutch homes-<a href="https://t.co/EoVXSC7B6S">https://t.co/EoVXSC7B6S</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://t.co/Win02KaISi">pic.twitter.com/Win02KaISi</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1258396274740596741?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-7 17:24:4*

---


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">AGT Technologies: Alternative Production of HYDROGEN--The extraction of H2 as motor fuel from renewable raw materials using the AGT technologies (developed by AGT &amp; University of St. Andrews, Scotland)--<a href="https://t.co/BwxJnX6Sfj">https://t.co/BwxJnX6Sfj</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/W1HLo7qV6f">pic.twitter.com/W1HLo7qV6f</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1258379634779000839?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-7 16:35:29*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;If you buy 100‚Ç¨ of oil for your car... 90‚Ç¨ [is] import[ed], and it&#39;s showing your energy dependence. If tomorrow you buy 100‚Ç¨ of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> for your car, 90‚Ç¨ will be locally created value. Just for the production, distribution, the conditioning of it.&quot; - Pierre-√âtienne Franc</p>&mdash; At War With The Dinosaurs (@WarWithTheDinos) <a href="https://twitter.com/WarWithTheDinos/status/1258369520999313415?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-7 16:33:47*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">How the fuck is ‚ÄúPeggy‚Äù short for ‚ÄúMargaret‚Äù</p>&mdash; jewish fuckery, B.A.üéì (@coffeespoonie) <a href="https://twitter.com/coffeespoonie/status/1258071118629519365?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-7 16:33:5*

---

Muller-Plantenberg thesis: "However, studying the episode in a bit
more detail, two kind of doubts emerge. The first one has to do with
the way the exchange rate is determined in the Mundell-Fleming
framework. The real exchange rate enters the model only in [some]
equation .. as a determinant of the current account. However, how the
exchange rate is itself set is not modelled explicitly. Essentially,
what the model is telling us is that the exchange rate has to adjust
itself at all times to obtain macroeconomic equilibrium and to ensure
that the current account reaches a level compatible with that
equilibrium.

The logic goes backward, not forward‚Äîsimilar to the argument one
sometimes hears: 'We have a current account deficit. A deficit cannot
go on forever but must revert to balance (or to some long-run
equilibrium) one day. Therefore, the exchange rate needs to
depreciate.' Most economics students find it hard to under¬≠stand why
speculators in the foreign exchange market should at all be bothered
to please macroeconomists and to restore macroeconomic equilibrium in
this fashion.  And they are probably not alone."

*2020-5-7 13:53:38*

---

At high echelons of science if you have something good you will get
your audience. If you didnt, there is something wrong with your
theory, or something wrong with you. Don't try to appeal "to the
public", "build a movement" who wont understand a f-ing word of your
jargon anyway. Like this Sean Carroll guy and his theory... How will
speaking abt it on a podcast help you with that, except
self-aggrandizement, and/or more movie screenplay deals?

*2020-5-7 13:9:1*

---

Good point. 

"@skdh

If you want 'respect' from physicists, you have to live up to their
quality standards. This means in particular showing that you either
reproduce the successes of existing theories with fewer assumptions or
that you can explain more data

'Physicists Criticize Stephen Wolfram‚Äôs ‚ÄòTheory of Everything‚Äô - scientificamerican.com'"

*2020-5-7 13:7:5*

---

Latest COV - increase at 2.53%. Russia looks bad. 

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/02/corona.html)

*2020-5-7 8:6:3*

---

"China suspected of bio-espionage in 'heart of EU'" -- euobserver.com

*2020-5-7 8:3:53*

---

"@anildash

For non-coders, a little explanation of why mobile apps from Google,
Spotify, Apple, NYT, Venmo, Walmart and many others all broke for a
little while this afternoon. (Short version: they all use code from
Facebook, so when that broke, they all started crashing.)"

*2020-5-7 7:40:50*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Do you really want a God who won&#39;t help people because they&#39;re in the control group? <a href="https://t.co/u5GD7qdR4V">https://t.co/u5GD7qdR4V</a></p>&mdash; Tamar Haspel (@TamarHaspel) <a href="https://twitter.com/TamarHaspel/status/1256559313335836674?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-7 2:37:33*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">‚ÄúToday‚Äôs <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> applications need to make it out of field testing and into the real economy .... this is the only way Europe can become climate-neutral by 2050&quot; <a href="https://t.co/CZSqXD2fiB">https://t.co/CZSqXD2fiB</a></p>&mdash; Graham Cooley (@GrahamCooley4) <a href="https://twitter.com/GrahamCooley4/status/1256590822641991681?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-6 23:33:10*

---

"@octonion

I fit a cubic model to my bicycling progression and I'll be biking
4000 miles/day by May 15"

*2020-5-6 23:9:35*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The Australian Government is backing the country to become a world leader in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> production and exports by establishing a $300m fund dedicated to hydrogen projects ‚Äì a first for the government. <a href="https://t.co/NcrelFl6Uw">https://t.co/NcrelFl6Uw</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1257322987021189120?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-6 23:8:48*

---

"Internal Chinese report warns Beijing faces Tiananmen-like global
backlash over virus"

[Link](https://defconwarningsystem.com/2020/05/06/internal-chinese-report-warns-beijing-faces-tiananmen-like-global-backlash-over-virus/)

*2020-5-6 22:49:13*

---

Tutorializing everything while learning helps. Then, for a new topic,
check the existing tutorials support the new concept. If not there,
major existing content reorientation, until it is.

*2020-5-6 22:15:7*

---

Haha.. same page talks abt a documentary called "Meat the Future".

*2020-5-6 22:13:17*

---

"Conventional [meat prod] methods rely on the intensive confinement
[of animals] in unsanitary and inhumane facilities. These unnatural
conditions require extensive use of antibiotics to address diseases
that proliferate among the crowded, stressed animals, contributing to
the spread of drug-resistant superbugs.

Since cultured meat is grown in a sterile environment, there is less
chance for pathogens to sneak in. This decreases the need for
antibiotics, as well as the risk of products containing
illness-causing bacteria such as salmonella and listeria"

[Link](https://www.cbc.ca/documentarychannel/m/features/documentary-meat-the-future-shows-us-the-possible-future-of-meat)

*2020-5-6 22:11:37*

---

"@maxsparber

Obi Wan: Your father was burned so badly that all his limbs just sort
of fell off but we have such advanced technology like clones and
robotics and such that we saved him.

Luke: What about my mother?

Obi Wan: Died in childbirth, literally nothing could be done"

*2020-5-6 21:53:20*

---

I never took 911 too seriously. A few thousand dead? Sad but no WW
level. Turned out it was an inside job anyway. Inside, as in "ally"
(and some US deepsters). This thing much more deadly and serious.

*2020-5-6 21:0:11*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Zeroemissions</a> is not enough; technology used must also be sustainable. Manufacturing of the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> power train has a lower environmental impact compared to battery. Here&#39;s a Lifecycle Assessment for our 85kW FCveloCity¬Æ-HD module for FCEBs <a href="https://t.co/5nwVdEaMAO">https://t.co/5nwVdEaMAO</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/CW6HBgMvwr">pic.twitter.com/CW6HBgMvwr</a></p>&mdash; Ballard Power (@BallardPwr) <a href="https://twitter.com/BallardPwr/status/1257395824021118976?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-6 19:29:12*

---
