# Tweets - Week 21a

"Why Rain Constantly Fell for Two Million Years During the Earth’s Late
Triassic Period"

[Link](https://laughingsquid.com/why-it-rained-for-two-million-years/)

*2020-5-17 10:37:0*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Scientists are turning to <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/GPU?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#GPU</a>-accelerated molecular dynamics apps like AMBER, GROMACS, NAMD, and LAMMPS to accelerate their research in finding a treatment for <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/COVID?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#COVID</a>-19. <a href="https://t.co/IEVoQI1KXv">https://t.co/IEVoQI1KXv</a></p>&mdash; Brian Dowdy (@dowdyb) <a href="https://twitter.com/dowdyb/status/1255164901091246080?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 28, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-17 9:54:10*

---

"@nathanielng

LAMMPS and GROMACS are two molecular dynamics packages that are
popular in the community that I am familiar with. both of them have a
Python interface"

*2020-5-17 9:56:4*

---

Hmm CFD could be overkill. All I need is some molecules
jigglin.. LAMMPS?

*2020-5-17 9:53:57*

---

Forbes: "Strange Bedfellows? Maybe Not…"

[Link](https://www.forbes.com/sites/thebakersinstitute/2020/05/15/steel-hydrogen-and-renewables-strange-bedfellows-maybe-not/)

*2020-5-17 9:49:57*

---


Haha.. "Craig Wright says I wrote Harry Potter". 

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/MartinAudley/status/1261803670657740803)

*2020-5-17 8:33:1*

---

Bitcoin as SOV? It costs so much money to send the shit you are afraid
to spend it, so you store it => SOV -- minus the value part.

*2020-5-17 8:1:12*

---

"Washington Gov. Jay Inslee (D) announced Tuesday that the state plans
to hire and train more than 1,300 contact tracers by the end of this
week in an effort to limit the spread of the coronavirus.

Inslee said the 1,371 contact tracers will allow more businesses to
open and more people to be active in public while helping to slow and
prevent the spread of COVID-19. Inslee's extended stay-at-home order
is currently set to expire at the end of May [...T]he information
about who came into contact with someone with a confirmed case of
COVID-19 will be confidential. Contacts will not be told the name of
the person who may have exposed them to COVID-19.

He said the plan involves contacting people within 24 hours of a
positive test result and talking to their close contacts within 48
hours....

In Washington, when someone tests positive for COVID-19, Inslee said
an interviewer will reach out by phone. They will ask who that person
has been in close contact with, then reach out to those other people
to let them know they have been exposed. Those people would need to
isolate or quarantine themselves, but there will be no enforcement"

[Link](https://www.google.com/amp/s/thehill.com/homenews/coronavirus-report/497544-inslee-unveils-contact-tracing-plan-for-washington%3famp)

*2020-5-16 22:21:38*

---

Aah of course that's why Mike Brown calls the planet he is looking for
Planet 9. Because he killed Pluto as a planet (the earlier planet 9)
so this will be the new one. 

*2020-5-16 16:46:10*

---

FUCK JOBS. FUCK JOBS. FUCK JOBS.

*2020-5-16 15:55:1*

---

Yees automation bitch

<img width="140" src="https://cdn10.loonastatic.com//img/user/gif/1/1/5/3/1153962647829626.gif"/>

*2020-5-16 15:53:0*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Youtuber Stuff Made Here built this hoop from with robots and computer vision capable of tracking the ball and directing it into the hoop by tilting the backboard [full video: <a href="https://t.co/Fsklz0fEJz">https://t.co/Fsklz0fEJz</a>] <a href="https://t.co/uuldF62osb">pic.twitter.com/uuldF62osb</a></p>&mdash; Massimo (@Rainmaker1973) <a href="https://twitter.com/Rainmaker1973/status/1261634148520861698?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-16 15:51:50*

---

Bloomberg: "Firms That Left U.S. to Cut Taxes Could Qualify for Fed Aid"

*2020-5-16 15:11:22*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Toyota?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Toyota</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hino?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hino</a> develop a 12-meter long, 25-tonne truck powered by <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a>. Your powertrain is equipped with two newly developed Toyota FC batteries for the new <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/MIRAI?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#MIRAI</a>. Its autonomy is 600 km. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FCV?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FCV</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Fuelcell</a> <a href="https://t.co/UKy7jpjpg7">pic.twitter.com/UKy7jpjpg7</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogfan (@hydrogfan) <a href="https://twitter.com/hydrogfan/status/1242006974394437633?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-16 14:26:24*

---

“In \#HongKong, we’ve managed to get away without needing a lockdown
because we’ve been doing test and trace,” says Prof @bencowling88 of
@hkumed . “If we weren’t doing test and trace, we would have needed
more social distancing instead.”

[Link](https://twitter.com/hkumed/status/1261609402303315968)

*2020-05-16 14:21:28*

---

World R = 0.25. Daily change rate of confirmed cases 2.26%. Brasil and
RU look bad, after US.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/02/corona.html)

*2020-05-16 14:09:49*

---

Libertard being against Space Force because it is "deficit spending"
is the most libertard shit ever. Guy thinks all gov undertakings are a
black hole that just sucks in money with no "return", "only businesses
innovate". If he created a list of how much inno came from space prog,
his eyes would pop out of their sockets.

*2020-05-16 12:37:09*

---

Cop QM assumes an existing background, a non-changing geometry.

*2020-5-16 11:2:37*

---

Yes, so geometry is not something fundamental, it needs to *emerge*
from something else, conceptually it takes the backseat to a primary,
more fundamental construct. Any theory of everything which assumes
certain geometry to be constant is in fact an insufficient theory of
everything.

"Principles for fundamental physics

1) Background independence.

A physical theory should not depend on structures which are fixed and
which do not evolve dynamically in interaction with other
quantities. This is a key concept, which takes some unpacking.

All physical theories to date depend on structures which are fixed in
time and have no prior justification; they are simply assumed and
imposed. One example is the geometry of space, in all theories prior
to general relativity. In Newtonian physics, the geometry of space is
simply fixed to be Euclidean three-dimensional geometry. It’s
arbitrary; it doesn’t change in time, it can’t be influenced by
anything. Hence it is not subject to dynamical law.

In Newton’s time, Euclid’s was the only geometry known, so he had no
alternative and didn’t need to seek a justification for choosing
it. But in the nineteenth century, Carl Friedrich Gauss, Nicholas
Lobachevsky, and Riemann discovered an infinitude of alternate
geometries. Any fundamental theory that comes after their work must
justify the choice it makes for the geometry of space. The principle
of background independence requires that the choice is made not by the
theorist, but by the theory, dynamically, as a part of solving the
laws of physics" -- Smolin

*2020-5-16 10:59:31*

---

"'Now is a really crucial and pivotal time for the [UK] gas industry,'
says Dr Angie Needle, Director of Strategy at Cadent Gas... 'The Net
Zero legislation has set a completely new agenda, and Cadent have got
an amazing opportunity to be the delivery vehicle for green gases in
the future.'. Cadent deliver gas to 11 million customers. With the
Government aiming to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050, the
organisation is working hard to demonstrate the gas industry’s role in
this transition. 'We know net zero has an end goal. But actually,
nobody's yet developed any particular goals for gas,' she says. ...

Dr Needle believes the decarbonisation of heat and the role of gas
distribution networks in support of this are the 'first problem to
solve.'. In the UK, 300 terawatt hours of electricity are used every
year, but this is dwarfed by the 900-terawatt hours of gas which is
used. 'In the grand scheme of the energy that the country needs, gas
far outweighs electricity. I'm always surprised at how little
attention it gets,' says Dr Needle"

[Link](https://www.politicshome.com/members/article/the-hydrogen-economy-can-help-ensure-a-green-and-resilient-economic-recovery)

*2020-5-16 10:30:26*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It’s a new dawn for space exploration! Today I’m honored to announce the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Artemis?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Artemis</a> Accords agreements — establishing a shared vision and set of principles for all international partners that join in humanity’s return to the Moon. We go, together: <a href="https://t.co/MnnskOqSbU">https://t.co/MnnskOqSbU</a> <a href="https://t.co/aA3jJbzXv2">pic.twitter.com/aA3jJbzXv2</a></p>&mdash; Jim Bridenstine (@JimBridenstine) <a href="https://twitter.com/JimBridenstine/status/1261295339409113090?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-16 7:26:45*

---

"JetBlue’s Founder Helped Fund A Stanford Study That Said The
Coronavirus Wasn’t That Deadly"

[Link](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/stephaniemlee/stanford-coronavirus-neeleman-ioannidis-whistleblower)

*2020-5-16 7:12:40*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">How the system works. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cdnpoli?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cdnpoli</a> <a href="https://t.co/5Zkd9r1owi">pic.twitter.com/5Zkd9r1owi</a></p>&mdash; Derrick O&#39;Keefe (@derrickokeefe) <a href="https://twitter.com/derrickokeefe/status/1261462886154555392?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-16 6:53:58*

---

Putin Puppets

"U.S. Syria Representative [Jeffreys] Says His Job Is to Make the War a
'Quagmire' for Russia"

[Link](https://www.newsweek.com/us-syria-representative-james-jeffrey-job-make-war-quagmire-russia-1503702)

*2020-5-15 22:47:26*

---

New Trek Show announced, around the famed Captain Pike, played by
Anson Mount, great actor. 

Showrunners, producers, writers; don't botch this one up. Don't make
it cuck. Don't make it too woke. *Battlestar Galactica*, or *Lost*
level would be just fine, and these shows were progressive
already. Please keep the Orange Hitler alagories to yourself. Don't
get mad at us for saying these things, we are not your
competition. Your competition is *The Orville*, the Trek TNG show with
fart jokes. They are kicking your ass, dragging it across the room and
kicking it again.

<img width="340" src="http://img.youtube.com/vi/zhvur69dHYc/0.jpg"/>

*2020-05-15 22:18:25*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Big news! <a href="https://t.co/kD6Ife3IYO">https://t.co/kD6Ife3IYO</a></p>&mdash; Everything About Hydrogen (@AboutHydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/AboutHydrogen/status/1258301807157301248?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-15 21:54:46*

---
