# Week 35


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Apropos of nothing, the warmest five years in the Gulf of Mexico were the last five years in a row. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HurricaneMarco?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HurricaneMarco</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HurricaneLaura?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HurricaneLaura</a> <br>Data: HadISST for 1870- and <a href="https://twitter.com/NOAA?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@NOAA</a> OIv2 for 1982- <a href="https://t.co/O4U0YdEElO">pic.twitter.com/O4U0YdEElO</a></p>&mdash; Kris Karnauskas (@OceansClimateCU) <a href="https://twitter.com/OceansClimateCU/status/1297898119909130241?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Texas, with its sprawling petrochemical industry, powerhouse energy
companies and numerous research institutions, could lead the way in
hydrogen adoption"

[Link](https://www.mysanantonio.com/sa-inc/article/Hydrogen-energy-may-be-on-the-cusp-And-Texas-has-15496784.php)

---

"You just can’t fill a battery .. any truck that wants over a 500-mile
range, you’re looking at least at a 1,000-kilowatt battery. That’s a
lot of weight. That’s a lot of energy. And to charge it, if you want
to do that in 15 minutes you’re going to need a 4-megawatt
charger. That’s massive and I can only imagine what that looks like
with regards to cable, or just the capacity required to get that
energy to a truck."

[Link](https://www.ccjdigital.com/hydrogen-power-trucking-forward-critics-argue/)

---

"The researchers found that they could produce hydrogen from water,
while simultaneously transforming benzylamine to benzaldehyde"

[Link](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2020/08/200817104305.htm)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">$1.5m has been awarded to Australian researchers developing a <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> pilot project in the Latrobe Valley, which is expected to change the way energy is produced both in Australia and across the globe. <a href="https://t.co/vhTRQ06PAj">https://t.co/vhTRQ06PAj</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1297828017687986176?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@molly_burgess97

Germany’s first [H2] steel production plant that uses the green gas as
reducing agent in the blast furnace has begun operation"

---

Picture [Number \#1](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EgPfBQdWoAEFmsW?format=jpg&name=small).

Picture [Number \#2](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EgPe-HTWkAAKbbl?format=jpg&name=small).

His degree of seperation to Epstein is 2. This guy is fukked.

---

Rahm -- shut the fukk up.

---

Forget 5G. Let's use this.

"University College London (UCL) has recorded the world’s fastest data
transmission speed, reaching 178 terabits a second -or 178,000,000
megabits a second- by using a bandwidth of 16.8 THz.

At double the capacity of any system currently deployed in the world,
the speed was close to the theoretical limit of data transmission set
out by American mathematician Claude Shannon in 1949.

The record was achieved by a research team led by Dr Lidia Galdino
(pictured), lecturer at UCL and Royal Academy of Engineering research
fellow, in collaboration with Xtera and KDDI Research.

Not only did they achieve the speeds – outperforming the previous
record set by researchers in Japan by one fifth – the team also found
such speeds could be deployed on already existing infrastructure.

In 'real terms', 178 terabits a second is so fast it would be possible
to download the entire Netflix library in less than a second.  ..

The record was achieved by transmitting data through a much wider
range of colours of light, or wavelengths, than is typically used in
optical fibre"

[Link](https://www.capacitymedia.com/articles/3826180/ucl-sets-internet-speed-record-of-178tbps)

---

NEL is a BUY

"@HydrogenNhf

Today @nikolamotor will release excellent H2 news about the Heavy Duty
Vehicles(HDV) H2 Fueling stations network in Usa for Nikola Corp. ..
@nelhydrogen is the sole supplier for Heavy Duty Vehicles H2 Fueling
stations"

---

Wait.. I know the answer for that one...

"What Contains 3 Times More Energy Than Gasoline, But Produces Zero
CO2?"

[Link](https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidrvetter/2020/08/21/what-contains-3-times-more-energy-than-gasoline-but-produces-zero-co2/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Warning: Anti-Lukashenko Protests Erupt across Belarus. Belarusians are protesting throughout the entire country &amp; in almost every significant urban area. <br><br>New map and analysis on the evolving situation in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Belarus?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Belarus</a> from ISW&#39;s <a href="https://twitter.com/georgewbarros?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@georgewbarros</a>: <a href="https://t.co/T7yxvxv6sR">https://t.co/T7yxvxv6sR</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/%D0%91%D0%B5%D0%BB%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%83%D1%81%D1%8C?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Беларусь</a> <a href="https://t.co/uaB6D38Mwi">pic.twitter.com/uaB6D38Mwi</a></p>&mdash; ISW (@TheStudyofWar) <a href="https://twitter.com/TheStudyofWar/status/1297613151979134976?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Russia does look overly massive in most maps... 

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The Mercator projection vs the true size of each country. <a href="https://t.co/6wnmCkxN86">pic.twitter.com/6wnmCkxN86</a></p>&mdash; Universal-Sci (@universal_sci) <a href="https://twitter.com/universal_sci/status/1297308108407083008?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Why not, It&#39;ll just be reliving my life before I left that string of hellholes at 22. Garbage layout looks like Frisco to me, one of the harsher ones, but I could pass the time by walking around lake Lewisville...</p>&mdash; It&#39;s Happening Bro! Also Free #HK (@subach) <a href="https://twitter.com/subach/status/1297431847656288257?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In one of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2View?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2View</a>’s top stories this week <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/PlugPower?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#PlugPower</a> has developed a new 1kW ProGen fuel cell system for small scale robotics, automatic guided vehicles (AGVs), unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), and other aerospace applications.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2View?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2View</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/HUlLPSaXpe">https://t.co/HUlLPSaXpe</a></p>&mdash; H2 View (@h2_view) <a href="https://twitter.com/h2_view/status/1297101211884281856?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

In 1968 Carl Sagan was denied tenure at his university. Let that sink
in, CS, one of the best explainers of science, a visible scientific
personality, was denied tenure. They were correct in doing so, "being
an explainer" doesn't mean a research is being furthered in any
front. TAlking to bunch of uninformed people, "popularizing" is not
research. It could be inspiring people, but that's about it. You can't
do science by publicity.

---

[Whatever it takes](2020/07/right-acting-left.md#tmp1)

---

People wld still suffer, bcz of the shortcomings of the market, sure,
e.g. they'd have to organize a GoFundMe for a dentist appointment, but
then the cure would be clearer; the opposition party.

---

McCain and Romney were both close to libertards, but their elec loss
doesnt mean the mov is discredited. 2008 crisis wouldnt happen in a
truly market econ, libertards hate them. Fenni Mae and Freddie Mac are
*centrist* institutions. Part gov, part market, little in, little out,
doing massive securitization with gov guarantee.. how is this not a
f-ing abomination, hallmark of centrism?

---

Distinct right needs to exist just like distinct left. Going lukewarm
on each issue (centrism) doesn't work. Mixing distinct issues from
each side doesn't work (fascism). Clear-cut ideology needs to be in
different parties. We need tards in GOP being against excessive
regulation, pro-market, etc.. and a left party being opposite of that.

---

I bash libertards sometimes but they should be in charge of the
Republican Party. And moving towards distinct ideologies was taking
place actually, The Tea Party movement was all about this, no? But GOP
got sidetracked from that somehow (bcz of fear? but then ended with
something far worse, in their eyes).

---

He tried to do this *before* the pandemic BTW

---

Reining in drug prices? What are you -- a leftist?

There is a maaaarket, supply, and demaaaand.

I guess he didn't care. 

July 2019: "Trump's Efforts to Rein In Drug Prices ..".

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/11/health/drug-prices-rebate-donald-trump.html)

---

Scientists then were essentially looking at a 2D projection of a 3D
system, which they did not know but had to reason about
mathematically. They had to be a mathematical detective. *This* is
science. None of that process is thought, or even hinted at, at
schools, even to kids who can grasp it. What we teach today is
cargo-cult science, even if the material is the outcome of real
science.

---

Teaching science wout teaching how scientist came up with that
science, makes zero sense. Now we know about planets, orbits, our
sun-centric system, we see pictures like the one below all over the
place, in many books thanks to the scientist that led to them.

<img width="340" src="https://ak.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/1006650247/thumb/1.jpg"/>

But that's not what they themselves saw in the sky. When they looked,
for example at Mars, over many days, this is what they saw,

<img width="340" src="https://external-preview.redd.it/XJ4ccZlh33IP9nQrp5nzGb-N-bXUKoiND4rjWbwrd-8.jpg?width=960&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=6f11fbd1a9de1ed103ecf44a58995fd2c71f9160"/>

This is 2D. Bunch of dots on a (sky) screen. How do you get to the
first picture from the second? How did Copernicus do it? This was the
biggest detective story of the ancient times. Skipping that train of
thought is a disservice too all students.

---

"A new type of plastic that can be easily broken down into its chemical
building blocks and reassembled into high-quality products
could reduce the amount of plastic waste ending up in landfill"

[Link](https://www.newscientist.com/article/2252265-a-new-type-of-plastic-may-be-the-first-that-is-infinitely-recyclable/#ixzz6VsburzcR)

---

Not bad. 

"Isaac Newton estimated, without access to reliable measurement, that
the density of Earth would be five or six times as great as the
density of water, which is surprisingly accurate (the modern value is
5.515). Newton under-estimated the Earth's volume by about 30%, so
that his estimate would be roughly equivalent to 4.2±0.5 × 10^24 kg"

[Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth_mass#Early_estimates)

---

<center>
<img width="140" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETZJzIkXgAAEi9Q?format=jpg&name=small"/>
</center>


