# Tweets - Week 19c

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Indeed. Plus a 9th order polynomial fits the data so much better!</p>&mdash; Jeff Linderoth (@JeffLinderoth) <a href="https://twitter.com/JeffLinderoth/status/1257643865940594688?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-5 15:20:37*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Petnet could *barely* keep its feeder&#39;s backend running before COVID19 but now it&#39;s trying to use it as an excuse to charge a monthly fee? holy hell <a href="https://t.co/jUEoJCQrJ3">pic.twitter.com/jUEoJCQrJ3</a></p>&mdash; Internet of Stay Home (@internetofshit) <a href="https://twitter.com/internetofshit/status/1253820310975102976?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-5 9:29:45*

---

"@BCAppelbaum

When the Reagan administration decided to stop enforcing the nation's
antitrust laws, it started by allowing the consolidation of the
meatpacking industry.

Seems as good a place as any to resume the enforcement of the nation's
antitrust laws..."

*2020-5-5 9:27:21*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The state of journalism captured in one tweet <a href="https://t.co/Q85jWRlhrC">https://t.co/Q85jWRlhrC</a></p>&mdash; Alex Kantrowitz (@Kantrowitz) <a href="https://twitter.com/Kantrowitz/status/1257492509430693889?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-5 9:13:48*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Rice University researchers have created an efficient, low-cost device that splits water to produce hydrogen fuel. The platform integrates catalytic electrodes and perovskite solar cells that, when triggered by sunlight, produce electricity <a href="https://t.co/ZxrTayqeve">https://t.co/ZxrTayqeve</a> <a href="https://t.co/Dk2EztS8iG">pic.twitter.com/Dk2EztS8iG</a></p>&mdash; Massimo (@Rainmaker1973) <a href="https://twitter.com/Rainmaker1973/status/1257553081912393729?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-5 9:13:20*

---

"[Bancor's] Clearing Union would grant credit in the form of overdraft
facilities. In other terms, each member would have the possibility of
financing a trade deficit simply by entering a negative balance on its
account. Symmetrically, a country with a trade surplus would have a
positive balance credited to its account. Hence, for example, an
export from country A to country B financed by the Clearing Union
would give rise to the simultaneous registration of two entries of
equal amount: a credit to the account of A and a debit to the account
of B. Thanks to the centralization of all accounts at the Clearing
Union, however, the credit and debit would not be bilateral, but
multilateral positions, of each country vis‐à‐vis all the other
members as a whole. In other terms, the surplus country A could spend
its credit in bancor not only with B, but with any other member
country; and B could reduce its debit by exporting towards any other
country. In this way, the Clearing Union would be able, in principle,
to finance international trade and its expansion, without the need of
any given amount of money.

Bancor is not a fiat money. To be sure, it is created ex nihilo. And
yet its creation does not depend on the decision of a central
authority"


[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/06/bancor.html)

*2020-5-4 23:41:27*

---

"As if"

"@RickDeVos

It’s almost as if an entire system of perception & governance built to
systematically bury ideas of limitations, trade-offs and imperfect
arrangements under an avalanche of emotional rhetoric, fantasies, and
engineered narratives would be ripe for slow motion, cascading
failure"

*2020-5-4 23:7:58*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">What DOES this include? <br>Places like:<br>- clothing stores<br>- florists<br>- bookstores<br>- sporting goods stores<br><br>All with curbside pick-up.<br><br>What does this NOT include at this time?<br>Places like:<br>- Offices (can continue telework)<br>- Restaurants (seated dining)<br>- Shopping Malls</p>&mdash; Gavin Newsom (@GavinNewsom) <a href="https://twitter.com/GavinNewsom/status/1257392907826483202?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-4 22:42:55*

---

"@maxberger

Nancy Pelosi has $46 million in real estate property she can fall back
on during hard times.

The most generous read of her tepid response to the crisis is that
she's out of touch with working people. The least generous read is
that her interests are at odds with ours"

*2020-5-4 21:8:5*

---

Education? All u need is a tablet with teaching material on it. Video
lectures, ebooks, problems with solutions.

There can be a "school" but in this reincarnation it would mostly be a
loungy area, a cross between a Stabucks and a mall. There can be play
areas, study areas where some professional grown-ups can donate time
as "groundkeepers" making sure kids are silent in study areas. They
can be certified by on the e-material as well, by the DOeD, so they
can answer questions. But they should not teach. Feynman should teach
your children not some random average jerkoff.

More [here](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2018/09/public-education.html)

*2020-5-4 20:42:3*

---

"@stevenacook

Enlisting Turkey to counter or fight Iran is a fantasy"

[Link](https://warontherocks.com/2020/05/strategic-fail-partnering-with-turkey-to-counter-iran-would-misread-the-region/)

*2020-5-4 20:28:26*

---

Seems like a usable camping light - The Fenix CL20R. Have been looking
for something light, rechargable, and durable 4 some time... Went
through many, one hi-tech prod sold as "chargable by sunlight" was
totally not (inno funded by the Clinton Foundation, it figures), and
two more weirdo gismos later, it's the Fenix

<img width="140" src="https://media.knivesandtools.com/Exact675x450/21628/fecl20r-o$01-fenix-fecl20r-o-01.jpg"/>

*2020-5-4 20:8:3*

---

When the state came up with its delusional origin story, some ppl took
as their lastname something Turkic, to make themselves friendly to the
state. The lastnames are quite comical, walking turk, born soldier, or
my favorite: soldier turk.

However the state made a mistake by choosing that particular ethnicity
as its base. The word was actually a slur, even 100 years ago. An
officer in the Otto army tested this, the new identity was circulating
among the cadres, and he wanted to check how much the regular soldiers
knew of "their identity". He starts easy, first asks them about the
sultan, the Caliph, etc. The soldiers weren't really sure, many were
confused, they thought sultan was prophet, Caliph was God, etc.  the
answers were a big mess. Frustrated, the officer asks "but aren't we
all Turks!??". They knew the answer to this one. The responded, in
unison with the word *Estağfurullah*. Let me try to translate what
this means... Say your friend drops something, or makes a mistake, and
says "ah I'm such a putz", and this is the word you use. It's like "oh
c'mon", "don't sell yourself short", forgive urself. IT CAN'T BE THAT
BAD.

This ethnicity, rightfully so, was known to be marginal, a few
villages here and there, at a particular location. After decades of
adapting certain narrative, a good amount of amnesia, and state
education, the identity became what it is, but it is, sadly, still
hollow. It is built on quicksand.

Then, by implication, the Turkic lastnames can be taken to indicate a
certain unawareness of history on the part of that family, due to lack
of education, being far from the center, etc.

I am certain once the descendants realize how moronic their ancestors
have been to chose these stupid shit of names, they will rush to legal
services __en masse__ to have them changed. One day.

"Why do we hear some lastnames that have the word "Turk" in them in
TR?"


*2020-5-4 20:12:0*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">As the cost of making <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> becomes cheaper, the hydrogen economy looks more and more like the path to <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonization?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonization</a>. <a href="https://t.co/3hszedzNaO">https://t.co/3hszedzNaO</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytransition?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytransition</a></p>&mdash; Ballard Power (@BallardPwr) <a href="https://twitter.com/BallardPwr/status/1257278822535356417?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-4 20:5:30*

---

"@Joanna_Y_Lee

Took our time to get it right, but our COVID19 antibody test is
finally out! Shows >99.8% specificity and 100% sensitivity"

*2020-5-4 20:2:54*

---

"Amazon VP Resigns, Calls Company ‘Chickenshit’ for Firing Protesting
Workers" - vice.com

*2020-5-4 19:4:56*

---

"Green light for hydrogen-powered homes in Scotland h2-view.com"

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/green-light-for-hydrogen-powered-homes-in-scotland/)

*2020-5-4 19:3:54*

---

"@fuelcellsworks

World’s First International Transport of Hydrogen from Brunei to
Japan-Foreign-produced #hydrogen has arrived in Japan for 1st time
from Brunei"

*2020-5-4 18:48:49*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">300 Million (<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Australia?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Australia</a> dollar) <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Morrison?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Morrison</a> government commitment to gray/blue and <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/green?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#green</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a>.<a href="https://t.co/FE9ZYOUifh">https://t.co/FE9ZYOUifh</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen is the battery (@BatteryH2) <a href="https://twitter.com/BatteryH2/status/1257334958072397825?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-4 18:47:8*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hysolar Unveils its Green Hydrogen Station Design-<a href="https://twitter.com/Hysolar_NL?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Hysolar_NL</a> aims to deliver green <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> for sustainable transport at the end of 2020. The company recently unveiled its designs for its locally produced green hydrogen station-<a href="https://t.co/MAclv0H905">https://t.co/MAclv0H905</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://t.co/kUT2bghbIk">pic.twitter.com/kUT2bghbIk</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1257316257528836098?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-4 17:55:10*

---

EGG DOG!

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It&#39;s Monday. Here&#39;s an egg dog. Wait for the smile. 😊 <a href="https://t.co/2CPjN118xh">pic.twitter.com/2CPjN118xh</a></p>&mdash; Mara Averick (@dataandme) <a href="https://twitter.com/dataandme/status/1257258239886057473?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-4 16:10:51*

---

Brrr you know like [brrrrr](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/RigidNaturalDogwoodtwigborer-max-1mb.gif)

---

The Y-scale is all wrong. They cooked this one up. Deutsche Bank, WTF?

I checked this rel, The 1929 rel broke, with the FED going brrrrrrrr

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">If you ever feel like you aren’t good enough, just remember that one of the most well-known banks in the world calls this chart “research”: <a href="https://t.co/1bDe3N5ReM">pic.twitter.com/1bDe3N5ReM</a></p>&mdash; Nick Maggiulli (@dollarsanddata) <a href="https://twitter.com/dollarsanddata/status/1256938136480907266?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 3, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-4 13:58:38*

---

There. Paper saz minimum cost net flow is $O(m^{3/2})$ where m is
number of edges. When sparse that'll beat Djiks.

*2020-5-4 13:41:3*

---

Hmm. I bet shortest path prob as a minimum cost network flow, which in
the backend solved as LP, implemented through log-barrier and solved
in continuous realm with Newton steps etc works faster.

LPs are convex, solved problem.

Incidence matrix for SP is sparse. I've never seen such optimization
probs taking more than 15 steps, so O(1). Sparse matrix inversion,
banded, structured is O(n) (needed for Newton steps). So I bet that
V^2 is beatable.

"@NetworkFact

Dijkstra's algorithm finds the shortest paths from a node s to all
other nodes in a graph with non-negative edge weights. Run time
O(V^2)"

*2020-5-4 13:11:1*

---