# Week 42

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Our researchers have found that SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for COVID-19, can survive for up to 28 days on common surfaces.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/COVID19?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#COVID19</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Coronavirus?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Coronavirus</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/onehealth?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#onehealth</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/VirologyJ?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@VirologyJ</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/DefenceScience?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@DefenceScience</a> <a href="https://t.co/TdmTKGD9kW">https://t.co/TdmTKGD9kW</a></p>&mdash; CSIRO (@CSIRO) <a href="https://twitter.com/CSIRO/status/1315547400501702656?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 12, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Coronavirus can survive for a month on mobile phone screens and
banknotes, study suggests"

---

There are many tricks in self-guided education. A simple one, and it
works even for highest level of mathematics, is proving a theorem in a
book which already has the answer. Cover the answer, try to solve; if
successful, great. If not, look at the solution, but now we see it
with all kinds of questions in our head, we learn more from the
answer.

These tricks can be taught in a seperate class on their own.

---

Maybe certifier can do more admin work in that sense, but in my
approach, ed will be mostly self-guided. "Not all kids can do
that". Maybe. But maybe not all kids are meant to sit down and stare
at writings all day long either. Wide-spread ed as its pursued today
pigeonholes people in so many ways.

"But in your ed system how would kids receive, and do homeworks? If
certifier will not be a teacher anymore?"

---

Wanting to come across as a first-rate power.. Anatolians want it so
bad. But I think these niggers confuse acting out end-goal with
actually being it. "If I act the end goal I'll be it". Have a white
house'y place, with briefings given other than that the exec. This is
some retarded dumb ass shit...  What happened to the process? US ended
up being what it is as a side-effect of many factors of its near past
and geo. It didnt *try* to be it, and even now, many are unhappy with
the state of empire. So how can a country hailing from the sidelines
of modernity simply acting out the end-product simply be that end
product?

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">üü¢ Green News üü¢ The &quot;<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> Roadmap&quot; has been approved by the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Spanish?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Spanish</a> Government. Green <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> will be the key for üá™üá∏ to achieve <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/climate?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#climate</a> neutrality by 2050. üëè<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Cleanenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Cleanenergy</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ClimateAction?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ClimateAction</a><a href="https://twitter.com/EU_Commission?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@EU_Commission</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/EUClimateAction?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@EUClimateAction</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ClimateDesk?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@ClimateDesk</a> <a href="https://t.co/LZTAfOzr6g">https://t.co/LZTAfOzr6g</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen Europe (@H2Europe) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2Europe/status/1315593053357273089?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 12, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

DIY deo final formula: 1/3 liter spray bottle, fill 2/3 water. 1
tblspoon baking soda, 1 coconut oil, the rest lemon cologne (a tigger
concoction, with high alcohol content). Shake.

---

"An aviation startup has completed what it calls the world's first
hydrogen fuel cell-powered passenger aircraft flight"

[Link](https://www.businessinsider.com/worlds-first-hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered-passenger-aircraft-flight-2020-10)

---

"Toyota adds to hydrogen bet with North American fuel cell truck"

[Link](https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2020/10/06/business/corporate-business/toyota-hydrogen-north-american-fuel-cell-truck/)

---

"And, at the end of September, it was announced HS2 had been piloting
solar and hydrogen powered cabins at site locations ... Designed and
built by a firm called AJC Trailers, and supplied by GAP Group, the
buildings use solar panels backed up by a hydrogen
fuel-cell. .. Designed to be low noise, they emit only water vapor. In
relatively simple terms, a fuel-cell combines hydrogen and oxygen to
generate electricity, heat and water. Across a period of 21 weeks, HS2
said 16 of the cabins saved 112 metric tons of carbon"

[Link](ehttps://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/06/hydrogen-fuel-cells-giant-airbags-construction-is-changing.html)

---

Journalist would feel "the pull" for the same reasons. Hence abysmal
coverage of lower income people in the media. 

---

So no more of this... Style over substance, technobabbling dipshittery.

<img width="340" src="https://drive.google.com/thumbnail?id=14Fl6uV19HHddajmfakTs2RfRXutp_2l4"/>

---

Technobabbling centrism had a certain pull on Dems from another
direction.. Politics, as a job, is mainly knowledge work. It deals
with information, decision, having to adjust to an existing canon (the
law).. All that cld pull them towards financiers, Silicon Valley
honchos, etc. 

Technical knowledge is good of course, we want technically aware
lawmakers, like LBJ was in his heyday (the Apollo Moon program was his
idea), but if this turns into a *class conciousness*, we have a big
problem. Low income ppl lose representation, and Dems lose power bcz
white collar, aflluent folk, forming a mere 20% + concentrated in big
cities, cannot be of help in deciding most elections.

---

<img width="340" src="https://drive.google.com/thumbnail?id=1xWv3m6Eie4iHXb_Dply2jEFTtJyUAjbd"/>

---


The docs from the so-called Seasteading Institute are a bloody
mess. Not enough details on engineering. This is what u get when
libertards, economist try to think on substantial solutions. Milton
Friedman's grandson is involved apparently. Focker too.

---

I don't like moorings. Propellers, already used for mobility, can keep
the structure in place. One issue is this thing is made up of
connected hexagons, some / each with a multidirectional propeller,
they need to be able to point to the same direction. Doable.

---

Floating City Design.

Even high-rise buildings can withstand some serious impact.

[Link](2020/10/floating-city.md)

---

But Bruce Wayne is a rich guy and he is trying to help you.. so I
guess in the anti-gov era, this was totally fine. People are there to
be saved by rich people after all. They have status, are better than
everyone else. They can cure disease, offer public services, feed the
poor. 

---

Batman.. this guy is causing so much public property damage. Watching
the 2005 movie.. This is not cool

---

Bight-shiny-object-ism is also used very adaptly by corporate
Democrats, to deflect from econ issues along with 4G.

---

Hallmark of technobabbling centrism, techy solution that sounds
bright-shiny-object-y but its content is shit

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">i promise you it&#39;s not.... more tech in cars... that&#39;ll make things safer for cyclists. it&#39;s:<br><br>a) cycling infrastructure<br>b) ....................fewer cars <a href="https://t.co/RlefC8wcVS">https://t.co/RlefC8wcVS</a></p>&mdash; Internet of Shit (@internetofshit) <a href="https://twitter.com/internetofshit/status/1315097142202191872?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 11, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@TheNatlInterest

More than 5.6 million people have already voted in the presidential
election, a wide surge compared to the 75,000 votes from early voting
at this point in the 2016 election"

---

My new notebook keyboard feels like a Mac; it has that solid feel,
slick, but it seems to require a clear intent. Push me bitch! Mean it! üò∂
That's the vibe I am getting from this thing. Catty.

---

"BCG: Can a vaccine from 1921 [for tuberclosis] save lives from Covid-19?"

[Link](https://www.bbc.com/news/health-54465733)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Just went for a walk in a cemetery and a guy has a QR code on his grave stone that links to a list of his publications and citation metrics</p>&mdash; Justin Joque (@jjoque) <a href="https://twitter.com/jjoque/status/1314954067077144577?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---
