# Week 32

*Armageddon* movie mistake, liquid oxygen is not a fuel, used in
conjunction with fuel.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">IOT companies extorting for subscriptions is my new favorite genre <a href="https://t.co/lk0JkNP29C">https://t.co/lk0JkNP29C</a></p>&mdash; Internet of Shit (@internetofshit) <a href="https://twitter.com/internetofshit/status/1289893569713643530?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Russian couple got stuck in Israel, at least they have a nice view

[Link](https://youtu.be/cvq-TGZssy8)

---

"@its_willyu

'We came out here in t-shirts, they started gassing us. We came back
with respirators, they started shooting us. We came back with vests,
they started aiming for the head... And now they call us
terrorists. Whoâ€™s escalating this? Itâ€™s not us.'  @MacSmiff"

[Link](https://twitter.com/its_willyu/status/1288679475366912000)

---

Private security firm. Of course.

[Link](https://youtu.be/sZ7qi-Gka4g?t=77)

---

"This just broke my concept of reality"

[Link](https://twitter.com/BFriedmanDC/status/1289283118730534912)

---

DJT net popularity "rose" to -13.6%. Could have been due to change in
general demeanor... Cant keep effin up that badly, that long -- it
takes huge effort.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Below. Model-minded <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytwitter?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytwitter</a> is reluctantly debating: is Hydrogen ready?!. Meanwhile Europe, Asia-Pac have committed. Now, Texas hydrocarbon industry sees inevitability and market size of green molecules (natgas + electrolysis). I guess industry has different models. <a href="https://t.co/Czs6ataVQT">https://t.co/Czs6ataVQT</a></p>&mdash; Garry Golden (@garrygolden) <a href="https://twitter.com/garrygolden/status/1289580730792783875?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Since she&#39;s the only cat small enough and light enough to shimmy the whole length of our AC duct, Miss Daisy likes to occasionally wake us up with her Die Hard re-enactments. You never heard 4 pounds make so much racket. <a href="https://t.co/oMkk8XAQ5a">pic.twitter.com/oMkk8XAQ5a</a></p>&mdash; Tom and Lorenzo (@tomandlorenzo) <a href="https://twitter.com/tomandlorenzo/status/1289582759233695744?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Received the first Github pull request for sci tutorial content. Was
losing hope there.. niggers in Anatolia cant read math?

---

"Trevor Milton Featured on Barron's Roundtable"

[Link](https://youtu.be/nbrgQj4xlbk?t=288)

---

600 million ðŸ˜¶

"Daimler and Volvo truck divisions partner on fuel cells. As part of
the deal, Daimler will invest its current fuel cell technology in the
joint venture while Volvo Group will invest 600 million euros
(approximately $652 million), with each entity receiving a 50-percent
stake. Daimler already has a fuel cell vehicle in production, in this
case the Mercedes-Benz GLC F-Cell"

[Link](https://www.motorauthority.com/news/1128008_daimler-and-volvo-truck-divisions-partner-on-fuel-cells)

---

People will pull any ol' category out of their ass wout checking if it
really fits. Like "populism" when they need something that is like
something else but don't want to use that something else in name.

---

There is no Judeo-Christian identity in US, there is only Christian
identity, and specifically Protestan identity (there are other
elements in the culture code too, but insofar a religion has effect it
is Protestanism). Even atheists or Jews or others get it through
osmosis.

"Except that tradition never existed.The 'Judeo-Christian tradition'
was one of 20th-century Americaâ€™s greatest political inventions. An
ecumenical marketing meme for combatting godless communism, the
catchphrase long did the work of animating American conservatives in
the Cold War battle. For a brief time, canny liberals also embraced
the phrase as a rhetorical pathway of inclusion into postwar American
democracy for Jews, Catholics, and Black Americans. In a world divided
by totalitarianism abroad and racial segregation at home, the notion
of a shared American religious heritage promised racial healing and
national unity. ... American Jews themselves were reluctant
adopters. After centuries of Christian anti-Semitic persecution and
philo-Semitic fantasies of Jewish conversion, many eyed the award of
an honorary hyphen with suspicion. Even some anti-communist
politicians themselves recognized the concept as ill-suited to
Americaâ€™s postwar quest for global primacy in a decolonizing world.The
mythical 'Judeo-Christian tradition,' then, proved an unstable
foundation on which to build a common American identity"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/08/the-judeo-christian-tradition-is-over/614812/)

---

Bcz of health insurance she says.. time to take employers out of that loop.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I am here to report that whatever insane bureaucratic procedure you have to go through as an employee is 10x worse as an employer</p>&mdash; alice maz (@alicemazzy) <a href="https://twitter.com/alicemazzy/status/1289382646372380672?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Congress panel concludes GAFA companies [Goog, Amazon, FB, Appl] have
monopoly power"

[Link](https://youtu.be/9lNrE0YNAho?t=98)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">OFFICIAL: Report into first week of Dublin pedestrianisation trials around Grafton St finds:<br><br>1. Traders&#39; income up 40%-100%.<br><br>2. 96% say it&#39;s improved streets in public survey.<br><br>3. 90%+ say it should be made permanent.<br><br>4: Highest footfall in the area since early March. <a href="https://t.co/RE81DhnEpD">pic.twitter.com/RE81DhnEpD</a></p>&mdash; Michael Pidgeon (@Pidge) <a href="https://twitter.com/Pidge/status/1288870974809677824?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Wow. BTW tough to encounter such winds away from the oceans. Around
Medi it's mostly soft winds.. Gentle breeze. 

"The strongest sustained winds body can probably withstand without
getting blown away is around 100 km/h"

---

"On Twitter, Tom Scharpling, an executive producer for Monk, lamented
that he had 'contributed to the larger acceptance that cops are
implicitly the good guys.' The former Law & Order: SVU showrunner Neal
Baer expressed regret [his detective character] 'was smacking people
around' while doing police work"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/culture/archive/2020/07/the-end-of-the-television-cop/614629/)

---

"Trump cannot postpone the election or the next presidential
inauguration; he has no means to do either of those things. Those
dates are set by law or in the text of the Constitution.Nor can Trump
somehow cling to power after Inauguration Day once the electoral vote
is certified against him. If the Electoral College certifies Joe Biden
the winner when its votes are counted in Washington, D.C., on January
6, then at noon on January 20, Donald Trump ceases to be president"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/07/how-2020-election-could-go-wrong/614842/)

---

"McConnell signal to Republican Senate candidates: Distance from Trump if necessary"

---


"@thepointsguy

One of the first ships to resume cruising is having a COVID outbreak"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The online advertising practice of real-time bidding spreads our detailed, private information across an array of shadowy companies. We&#39;re glad that ten senators and representatives are calling for an investigation into this common, dangerous, and unregulated practice. <a href="https://t.co/qtwEuPzxDI">pic.twitter.com/qtwEuPzxDI</a></p>&mdash; EFF (@EFF) <a href="https://twitter.com/EFF/status/1289347329498034176?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Did he think it was a hoax to the end? <a href="https://t.co/GL43tNeQ7U">https://t.co/GL43tNeQ7U</a></p>&mdash; Krzysztof Sakrejda (@sakrejda) <a href="https://twitter.com/sakrejda/status/1289258769935990784?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Representative democracy might have some staying power left in it
yet... The reason wld be ppl disliking eachother more than they
dislike politicians. I mean, c'mon, would anyone like to be governed,
even partially, by their next door neighbor who is likely a jagoff?
The one w the loud dog, or the one who doesnt like dogs.. take your
pick. 

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Throughput (tps) on <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%24NANO&amp;src=ctag&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">NANO</a> is limited only by the network infrastructure, find out if the hardware underpinning your node meets the minimum recommended specs in the Nano documentation. <a href="https://t.co/JIl7Yq7bpF">https://t.co/JIl7Yq7bpF</a></p>&mdash; Nano (@nano) <a href="https://twitter.com/nano/status/1289222062674857984?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">What stage of feudalism is this? <a href="https://t.co/cCUjLKu1yf">https://t.co/cCUjLKu1yf</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1289243954156728320?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;Paccar stepping up <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/electric?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#electric</a> truck production.&quot; ---&gt; <a href="https://t.co/JjLUC8aukK">https://t.co/JjLUC8aukK</a> <a href="https://t.co/rU9JUJchEc">pic.twitter.com/rU9JUJchEc</a></p>&mdash; Energy Independence Now (@DriveH2) <a href="https://twitter.com/DriveH2/status/1289234247077650433?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 31, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Everyone from Joe Biden, the Democratsâ€™ presumptive presidential
nominee, to Saudi Aramco, the worldâ€™s largest oil company, is
ostensibly on board with hydrogen.

Bidenâ€™sÂ recently expandedÂ climate and energy plan supports using
renewable energy to make 'carbon-free hydrogen' at the same cost it
does from making it with natural gas.

---

"As the world seeks to rebuild from the coronavirus pandemic, support
is pouring in for hydrogen energy to cut carbon emissionsÂ ....

Of the 54 billion dollars in economic stimulus funding approved in
countries around the world (but mostly Europe) thatâ€™s going toward
clean energy, 19% of that is for hydrogen.Â ...

In just the past monthâ€¦

The European Union, which is proposing an additional 500 billion
dollars or more for green energy as part of its recovery, unveiled
aÂ sweeping hydrogen strategyÂ and targets for hydrogen made from
renewable energy.

The U.S.-based conglomerate Air Products & ChemicalsÂ announced
plansÂ to build in Saudi Arabia what it says will be the worldâ€™s
largest hydrogen plant powered by renewable energy.

The U.S. Energy Department announced 64 million worth dollars of
funding for hydrogen projects earlier this month and plans to invest
up to 100 million dollar over five years for two new research efforts
on hydrogen.

'In my view, hydrogen is today where solar was 10 years ago,' Birol
said. He expects costs to decline as governments grow policies
supporting it like they did with solar"

[Link](https://www.axios.com/hydrogen-support-growing-5ee4cfbb-ee83-4494-8561-c172467b7e5e.html)

---

"@davidsirota

A few months after Laquan McDonald was murdered by Rahm Emanuel's
police department, Elon Musk funneled $50,000 to @RahmEmanuel 's
reelection campaign"

[Link](https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1287838364427673600)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Turkey?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Turkey</a> macro eerily resembles <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Lebanon?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Lebanon</a>. A) Banks saddled with huge dollar deposits that are increasingly parked at CB; B) tourism collapse is leading to dollar shortages; C) explosive TL liquidity is adding to $ demand; &amp; D) FX intervention is causing negative net reserves. Canâ€™t end well</p>&mdash; Amer Bisat (@abisat) <a href="https://twitter.com/abisat/status/1288949984784781313?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<img width="340" src="https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/tweets/2020/devil1.gif"/>

---

Switch the old bih for a new bih?

---

Wil Smith. Daam.

---
