# Tweets - Week 27d

"@kokoinkorea

[let's] remember that McDonalds served their coffee at 190 degrees,
which is hot enough to leave 3rd degree burns in just 3 seconds of
contact with skin. They knew this and decided to serve the coffee at
190 degrees because it had ...

a longer shelf life than serving it at the standard 160 degrees. They
calculated that burn related law suits would cost less than just
wasting coffee that wasnâ€™t good anymore. They risked people getting
deadly burns to save money. And when the big law suit happened they
slandered ...

the victim, who had 3rd degree burns on 16% of her body and nearly
died from shock. They painted her out to be dumb for not realizing
that coffee would be hot and made it seem like a frivolous lawsuit of
someone who was trying to scam them.

also literally all the victim, Stella Liebeck, wanted was that
McDonalds pay her 20,000 medical bills because she was poor and
medicaid wouldnâ€™t cover them. Then the media made her out to be a
greedy scammer"

---

Author says he might have been suffering from "hip certainty" when he
comdemned Nix too quickly. 

"He inherited the catastrophic Lyndon Johnson-concocted Vietnam War
inside the Cold War, and yet Nixon found ways to get out of Southeast
Asia, invent dÃ©tente with Leonid Brezhnevâ€™s Soviet Union, open
dialogue with Mao Zedongâ€™s China and manage nuclear brinksmanship in
South Asia and in the Middle East"

[Link](https://www.thedailybeast.com/how-ive-learned-to-appreciate-nixon)

---

<img width="340"  src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbzCDBkWAAIXyNB?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

Reuters, space mining

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/LauraForczyk/status/1278006368054763520)

---

360 deg rotation bitch. Top mount for horiz, the cross inside ring for
vertical. 

---

Aaaah found a short-term soln, but I wanted to see this working.. maybe later.

<img width="180" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbyHnB4XgAANVCT?format=png&name=small"/>

---

A generous rich person who wants to be taxed

"@megangailey

What does a Porsche with a Bernie sticker mean?"

---

"@secupp

Trump's determination to give his supporters the orgy of anti-science,
anti-expert, anti-left, pro-white, red meat they crave isn't exactly
paying off. He's bleeding white voters"

---

\#texas

<img width="240" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbxfaQXWoAELCI_?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

"Dfinity creates TikTok-style app that doesnâ€™t snoop on your
data... The creators of the â€˜Internet Computerâ€™ are showcasing a
decentralized version of TikTok to prove a point"

[Link](https://decrypt.co/34057/dfinity-creates-tiktok-style-app-that-doesnt-snoop-on-your-data?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=auto)

---

"India bans 59 Chinese apps including TikTok, Helo, WeChat"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">When it comes to investing in the decentralized web, Olaf Carlson-Wee (Polychain Capital) prioritizes products, apps and business models native to the new internet. <a href="https://t.co/qzl4T7Ykw6">pic.twitter.com/qzl4T7Ykw6</a></p>&mdash; DFINITY Foundation (@dfinity) <a href="https://twitter.com/dfinity/status/1278020790089216000?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@SleepyHead_band

Eliminate tax payer funding for all private schools"

---

I hate burgeois bullshit

"@J_Dot_J

Had to do my hair (which is in desperate need of a touch up and trim,
thanks Texas COVID) and makeup today for the first time since February
and man, we really did this bullshit every day?"

---

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EbeVcEPXYAAho78?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">India finalises draft for regulation on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a>, interested for use in the heavy duty segment. Government already reduced GST from from 28% to 12%. Some major OEMs are also eyeing India for sales of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuecell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuecell</a> cars too but more support will be needed. <a href="https://t.co/9dMN2ukXdC">https://t.co/9dMN2ukXdC</a> <a href="https://t.co/vhzg8eS6or">pic.twitter.com/vhzg8eS6or</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen &amp; Fuel Cell Pilot (@FuelCellPilot) <a href="https://twitter.com/FuelCellPilot/status/1278002801340223488?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Nikola Badger \#fox 

[Link](https://youtu.be/u0yMmPA7NjY?t=93)

---

It's crazy if u think abt it... 

---

ðŸ™„ðŸ™„ðŸ™„

"Europe and Mexico are suffering from a carbon dioxide shortage"

[Link](https://nationalpost.com/news/world/why-theres-a-co2-shortage/wcm/237ee5fb-5827-4dc4-8593-8ce203747ab4/)

---


