# Tweets - Week 27e

"@GavinNewsom

Wearing a mask is a sign of toughness. Of resolve. 

A sign of someone who gives a damn. Who wants to solve a problem. Who
takes responsibility.

I think that’s a beautiful thing"

---

The "people governance" part of populism is a crock, obviously. The
sorta thing you'll hear from second rate demagogues of Middle
East.. There is no such thing... As long as there is a concentrated,
centralized system, there will always be representative government
where leadership matters.

---

Part of the reason for the prevalence of this word "populism" is
because it provides cover for cons "doing bunch of leftist shit". All
of a sudden some of them started talking about worker rights, worker
paychecks, but they can't quite bring themselves to say these things
are leftist having demonized the word for so long, so they need a
different word, and that is populism.

---

3D printed meat

<iframe width="340" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fLpeeUYtW94" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

Don't beat yourself up son. After the fall of the Berlin Wall, with
all that "euphoria", there is no way US would not end up tilting to
right especially since Reagan and HW were seen who crushed the
Soviets, two Republican presidents (just like Democrats winning WWII
gave their slant of governance legitimacy). Afterwards left would go
right, right would go insane, [polarization](../../2018/05/polarization.md)
would increase.. on and on.. 

Now there is need for some correction.. 

---

@dfinity

"DFINITY believes that making the internet a free market again will
lead to a boom in innovation like the one we saw in the dot-com days,
with startups exploring new ways to make money."

---

@theemdphd

Me: every one of my 40 Chrome tabs is precious I couldn't possibly
narrow these down

Also me when my computer crashes and the tabs don't recover: I can't
remember a single tab I had open

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">UK-based <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> engineering company <a href="https://twitter.com/intellenergy?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@intellenergy</a> has this week established a formal distribution with US-based <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParryLabs?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ParryLabs</a> better serve the US market in response to increased demand.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2View?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2View</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a><a href="https://t.co/KFHXqPOGJZ">https://t.co/KFHXqPOGJZ</a></p>&mdash; H2 View (@h2_view) <a href="https://twitter.com/h2_view/status/1278345739001888770?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">.<a href="https://twitter.com/JCBmachines?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@JCBmachines</a> has developed what it claims to be the construction industry’s first ever <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a>-powered excavator. <a href="https://t.co/Wd5Y1n2EIC">https://t.co/Wd5Y1n2EIC</a></p>&mdash; Joanna Sampson (@JoSamps92) <a href="https://twitter.com/JoSamps92/status/1278316611859025922?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In the air over Syria, the US and Russia have been bumping up against each other since September 2015. This is what war looks like now. Two adversaries pushed together without either declaring the other hostile, so we exist uncomfortably together. It’s just on the ground now <a href="https://t.co/JYX4iJTR7E">https://t.co/JYX4iJTR7E</a></p>&mdash; Aaron Stein (@aaronstein1) <a href="https://twitter.com/aaronstein1/status/1278342922275094529?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 1, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Aaah you were doing fine so far tech person, but now swept up by
politics, and started sharing that centrist DNC junk... That's a
straight Unfollow.

---

\#H2 LEGO Kit

<img width="240" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eb1JUx9WsAEE7Qr?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

Skylar Spence - Bounce Is Back \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/YpEMFqijpng?t=44)

---
