# Tweets - Week 25d

"Mitsui invests $25m in FirstElement Fuel"

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/mitsui-invests-25m-in-firstelement-fuel/)

---

No, it's an [1st Wave concept](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/07/agro-slavery.html).

"Slavery is a black concept"

---

Non-Muslims during Otto days, 1884, data from [here](http://psi424.cankaya.edu.tr/uploads/files/Shaw,%20Ott%20Census%20System%20and%20Pop,%201831-1914%20%281978%29.pdf)

```python
print (np.round(4553 / 17143. * 100.),'%')
```

```text
27.0 %
```

That's a lot of non-Muslims.. Sad so many are gone.

---

Cornel West: "[I]]n 313, and Christianity became the official religion
of the Roman Empire under Theodotius the First, his successor. And of
course, this is the same Roman Empire that put Jesus to death. So one
of the real ironies is here you have the cross, the bloody cross which
is the symbol of the night side of the Roman Empire. That's where
political prisoners were murdered, right? That same empire makes the
movement that comes out of the death of Christ, which is Christianity,
the official religion. So, you get diffusion of this religion with the
state and what we have today in the Christian right are Constantinian
Christians. They are imperial Christians. They have lost the prophetic
fervor of the very Jesus Christ that they proclaim as their savior"

[Link](http://davidwilliamson.blogspot.com/2006/07/cornel-west-on-constantine-and-america.html)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr">Yes. <a href="https://t.co/uk0Sy2nrex">https://t.co/uk0Sy2nrex</a></p>&mdash; Binyamin Appelbaum (@BCAppelbaum) <a href="https://twitter.com/BCAppelbaum/status/1273096994572173318?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is in philly for like the last three weeks. Every single night. Sometimes as late as 3/4am. Shits weird.</p>&mdash; Michael Knight (@mikeknightmedia) <a href="https://twitter.com/mikeknightmedia/status/1273100299939581956?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@realtahiramin

Spoke with @PitchforkEcon about how our failing market-based drug
development model and unhealthy dependence on patent monopolies have
failed to meet the challenge of #COVID19 and emerging public health
issues. Listen below"

[Link](https://pitchforkeconomics.com/episode/vaccine-development-needs-new-incentives-with-tahir-amin/)

---

Awesome

"The PlayStation 4 may be the latest and greatest video game console,
but the chip from the original PlayStation has gone where no video
game console has gone before: To Pluto.

According to The Verge, the CPU from the original Sony video game
console was used in NASA's New Horizons space probe, that just did a
flyby of the distant planet.

The MIPS R3000 CPU was repurposed in 2006 by the space agency to “fire
thrusters, monitor sensors, and transmit data.” Now it’s traveled 3.6
billion miles through space. That’s a distance so vast, it’s pretty
much impossible to grasp the enormity of it by just reading a
sentence. ..

According to The Verge, NASA prefers reliability over power—and what’s
more tried and true than a CPU used in millions of PlayStation
consoles?"

[Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/erikkain/2015/07/16/the-pluto-spacecraft-is-running-on-an-original-playstation-cpu)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">No one is more convinced they&#39;re not racist than white guys who brag about being ass men</p>&mdash; Rachel McCartney (@RachelMComedy) <a href="https://twitter.com/RachelMComedy/status/1272965755370442753?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

No. The US non-insistence is part of the assimilation actually, it
works well.. 10 times better than the TR approach. If TR appr was used
in US, here is how it would go.

US founders, bcz for whatever reason, they were shellshocked by the
[here-and-now](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/04/turks-culture-national-narrative.html)
of their time, etc. would pick some marginal identity to get away from
it all. Say they pick "being Amish" as the new identity. They'd say
"happy are those who say they are Amish", and that, "everyone in the
world is Amish they just don't know it yet". They'd rename the country
Amishland, then many years later, confused citizens would turn to
eachother, like to a grandson of a Japanese immigrant who is 100%
culturally native, and say "you are Amish!", "fuck you if you dont say
you are Amish".  The Japanese looking dude would balk, he'd say I'm
pretty sure I am not f-ing Amish, and this guy is ragging on me, maybe
I should start *learning Japanese* (see how it backfires), bcz I cant
be whatever these ppl want me to be. And the downslide begins.

"But then should we tell ppl to supress their 'identity' as deluded as
it might be, like in TR?"

---

Dumbass talking abt tomatoe sauce thinking it is Italian when in fact
tomato is very much American. [Faux Ambassadors](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/11/faux-ambassadors.html).

---

My niggers...

"Anatolian people never seem to have been big fans of [Otto] wars or
military life. According to the historian Erik-Jan Zürcher, by the end
of the first World War the number of deserters ..  had “increased to
nearly half a million, a number far higher than that of the soldiers
remaining in the field"

[Link](https://lareviewofbooks.org/article/turkeys-glorious-hat-revolution/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">China attempts to deescalate from recent conflict with India which resulted in casualties on both sides.</p>&mdash; DEFCONWarningSystem (@DEFCONWSALERTS) <a href="https://twitter.com/DEFCONWSALERTS/status/1272943097572253696?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Bill Clinton truly doesn’t get the credit he deserves for putting the nail in the coffin of American democracy. His deregulation of Wall Street and media was the beginning of the end.</p>&mdash; dilan (@dilanpcook) <a href="https://twitter.com/dilanpcook/status/1272828696102125568?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Piketty says tax the rich at 80%.

---

Yeah but bcz of [Broken Windows](https://taibbi.substack.com/p/where-did-policing-go-wrong)
mentality he kept going at the guy.. Cop is thinking 'why is the dude
sleeping there..  there has to be more to this... lemme probe some
more..  some more..' and the guy snaps. IMO that was the training in play
there.

"@AJRoss_TV

The officer who killed Rayshard Brooks had just completed
de-escalation training on 4/24/20 and deadly force training on 1/9/20
and yet here we are"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/AJRoss_TV/status/1272203491814055936)

---


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Scientists from <a href="https://twitter.com/KyushuUniv_JP?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@KyushuUniv_JP</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/kumamotoUniv_PR?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@KumamotoUniv_PR</a> in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Japan?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Japan</a> have developed a new catalyst capable of assisting three key reactions for using <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> in energy and industry.<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2View?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2View</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a><a href="https://t.co/qeqhdPGl4P">https://t.co/qeqhdPGl4P</a></p>&mdash; H2 View (@h2_view) <a href="https://twitter.com/h2_view/status/1272906792704659459?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;Gorsuch does not hesitate in correctly referring to Aimee Stephens — the transgender plaintiff — as &#39;she.&#39; This may seem like a simple gesture. Yet it stands as a towering rebuke of judges who have recently issued decisions that cruelly misgender transgender plaintiffs.&quot; <a href="https://t.co/UlNZePq08l">https://t.co/UlNZePq08l</a></p>&mdash; Michael Bloch (@MichaelBloch15) <a href="https://twitter.com/MichaelBloch15/status/1272683995176853511?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 16, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">god fucking damnit chomsky why</p>&mdash; Punished Sanders (@AndrewThe_Jew) <a href="https://twitter.com/AndrewThe_Jew/status/1251396291218870272?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

