# Tweets - Week 14a

There are degrees of tard of course.. Bitcoiners are just betting on
the wrong tech but there is something to digital money. Climate change
deniertards are truly retarded. Many of the same ppl by the way who
suggested the recent death march to work.

*2020-3-28 17:41:53*

---

Even oranges and apples get washed with soap after brought in. Not
mucking around here.

*2020-3-28 17:35:22*

---

DJT net popul up by 2 pts now at -4% \#538

*2020-3-28 16:18:46*

---

Yeaah you better run

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/Kishan_Devani/status/1243537750994882567)

*2020-3-28 16:5:33*

---

Massie was flamed by Kerry. They have history apparently. From Wiki

>On April 10, 2019, Massie got in a tense exchange with Former
>Secretary of State John Kerry during Kerry's testimony to the House
>Oversight and Reform Committee when Massie called Kerry's political
>science degree from Yale University a "pseudoscience degree" and
>called Kerry's position on climate change "pseudoscience." Kerry
>responded, "Are you serious? I mean this is really a serious happening
>here?"

Massie comes cross as climate deniertard but then he built himself
house running on solar. Weird.

*2020-3-28 15:31:43*

---

Is this correct? To simplify matters I'd just send the money to
everyone. Sure rich ppl would get it too but there arent that many of
them anyway (isnt that part of the problem to begin with?) so no harm
done. Hell even some of the rich can end up poor after recent changes
in the markets maybe they wld need that check soon! Wouldnt that be
something?

*2020-3-28 14:56:17*

---

????

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is also another example of the stupidity of the means-testing in the aid package. This person had a good year in 2019, is fired now with no income, and won&#39;t get the direct payment because it&#39;s based on outdated earnings data. <a href="https://t.co/s7LuaUzw4b">https://t.co/s7LuaUzw4b</a></p>&mdash; David Dayen (@ddayen) <a href="https://twitter.com/ddayen/status/1243648553106288640?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 27, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-28 13:42:59*

---

And da cycle

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/05/stats.html#cycle)

*2020-3-28 13:33:45*

---

Here I did Steve Keen's favorite graph.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/05/stats.html#credit)

*2020-3-28 13:33:8*

---

"@mexieYT

I really hope people are radicalized by this moment. 

It's proven that:

-money is a spook, we can pull it out of thin air

-rent is parasitic

-everyone's needs *can* be taken care of

-most of our work is unessential 

-the environment will heal if we crush capitalism"

*2020-3-28 11:56:26*

---

Money running out due to so many emergencies?

"@davidsirota

Rather than raising taxes on billionaires to deal with a budget
shortfall, @NYGovCuomo is instead trying to cut Medicaid during a
lethal pandemic"

---

He says states are mandated to balance their budgets. Tax revenue
plummets (ppl are fired, no work) they are in trouble.

Stiglitz: "Not enough money for state and local gov in the bill"

[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59NcYy49j3Q)

*2020-3-28 9:59:44*

---

"[3M] lines that assemble respirator cups, filters, nose clips, and
nose foam are loaded with robots and other automation, while humans
tend to packaging and other tasks that allow more easily for social
distancing"

[Link](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2020-03-25/3m-doubled-production-of-n95-face-masks-to-fight-coronavirus?cmpid=socialflow-twitter-business)

*2020-3-28 6:47:17*

---

"@tracyalloway

The financial system is just not set up for a temporary forbearance on
payments. If someone doesn't pay for something, then someone else is
owed something"

*2020-3-27 22:34:46*

---

A shoddy institution of modernity. A glorified day care center for
parents to park their kids in while they are off to their useless rat
race.

"@PereGrimmer

I taught my kid more math in like three days of quarantine than she
was 'supposed' to learn in two years of school"

*2020-3-27 22:29:17*

---

"@INVESTMENTSHULK

SOUTH AFRICA MILITARY CURFEW"

[Link](https://twitter.com/INVESTMENTSHULK/status/1243557629508702209)

*2020-3-27 21:18:50*

---

$1200 payment is a good thing, even more for families, congrats on
that.

*2020-3-27 21:4:3*

---

"@CaFCP

Japan’s plans to quickly develop hydrogen importing facilities seems
to have prompted Russia start drawing up plans for a hydrogen economy
mostly geared towards global exports, recent developments at Russia’s
Energy Ministry and energy companies suggest"

*2020-3-27 21:4:21*

---

"@RealMarkLatham

A guy eats a bat in Wuhan and now my two sons are without jobs.

The lesson is: when humans lose their mastery and control over the
animal world, which is what happened in Wuhan wet market, our entire
civilisation can suffer.

Humans must always put themselves first, animals second"

*2020-3-27 20:57:17*

---

"@Renegade_Inc

When this ‘market’ corrects by around 40% and people begin to realise
that credit creation drives prices... we can begin to resolve the so
called housing crisis"

*2020-3-27 20:49:25*

---

Riga, Latvia. New trolley buses.

[Link](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EUIM0fpWAAcppsb?format=jpg&name=large)

*2020-3-27 19:20:24*

---

Russia stopped all intl flights?

*2020-3-27 18:56:36*

---

@nytimes makes their county-level data on cases and deaths
public... Hey this is very good - modern journalism can aim to be not
only the distributer of news, but also the distributor of raw data
which is just as valuable as the news itself.

[Link](https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data)

*2020-3-27 18:36:4*

---

@FirstSquawk

DELIVERY TRUCKS REFUSING TO ENTER NEW YORK CITY ON CORONAVIRUS FEARS: MSNBC

*2020-3-27 16:19:51*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">All American Marine to Complete Construction of the First <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelCell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelCell</a> Vessel in the U.S.-- 84-passenger <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a>, hydrogen-powered, electric drive (“e-ferry”) will operate in the California Bay Area--<a href="https://t.co/k9U3ArjaQi">https://t.co/k9U3ArjaQi</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogeneconomy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogeneconomy</a> <a href="https://t.co/aysBJ4HI9J">pic.twitter.com/aysBJ4HI9J</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1243509786890637320?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 27, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-3-27 15:21:26*

---
