# Week 36

They are still printing in layers, but the layer resolution is
extremely high, and the process is more continuous. Promising tech.

[Link](https://youtu.be/23at9QglAm8)

---

<iframe width="340" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ihR9SX7dgRo?start=51" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

Motivating people to go to the voting booth falls on the shoulder of
leaders. 

---

No

"Should we make voting mandatory?"

---

Yes

"Was Trump's 2016 election a sign of democracy working?"

---

Absolutely. One question was "you meet someone from Amsterdam, what is
their nationality?". Guy goes uuuhhh, the laughter machine goes
off... But, how cld the guy know what? Does he deal with this
particular nationality daily? Know anyone from there?

Another didn't know how rainbows work... Big deal.

Democracy doesn't need book-smart citizens. As long as they can tell
whether they are better or worse off compared to 2/4/6 yrs ago, they
can roughly judge a person, we're fine. Expecting more from them
signals to me a certain pretentiousness on the part of the expector.

"If people do not know much about things outside their expertise, are
scenes we saw in Jay Leno's Jaywalking justified?"

---

Hey white ppl had bunch of Supermen die, get paralyzed on them, so
blacks are not alone. 

"Black ppl lost their superhero, they are heartbroken"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Mr. Boseman leveled the playing field while fighting for his life... That’s heroism. I’ll remember the good times, the laughter, and the way he changed the game... <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/chadwickforever?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#chadwickforever</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/chadwickboseman?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@chadwickboseman</a> <a href="https://t.co/IFfCSmLrhR">pic.twitter.com/IFfCSmLrhR</a></p>&mdash; Robert Downey Jr (@RobertDowneyJr) <a href="https://twitter.com/RobertDowneyJr/status/1299772119803330560?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 29, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Chadwick Boseman RIP.

---

Inferior product.. that is the root of it all isn't it?  \#trek

[Link](https://youtu.be/A6I7eYAq3zM?t=655)

---

Fuckin Newt

---

I remember Newt used to talk nonsense on tech all the time too,
'information technology will let you compare price, smart sensors blah
blah". 90s were the age of technobabble. All glitz no substance.

---

On "the war with China"; Trump doesn't like war (and not just bcz they
cost money). He had Soleimani, one guy, killed so he wouldnt have to
kill 100s or 1000s. He'll get mad at his own advisors if they get too
war-mongery around him. From a few select people he'll take it, like
Mustache, who is, as we know, not in the WH anymore.

---

It was too early for that. 3W structures were nowhere to be found, and
still MIA to this day. So what Dems ended up doing was a hi-tech
paint-job, empty talk, marketing glitz using tech while they
dismantled left using tech as excuse. This contributed to a massive
problem of inequality.

I cannot begin to describe the obnoxious daftness of these
people. That Post-Berlin-Wall euphoria must have been one hell of a
drug because they all burned their brain cells on it.

"Maybe Dems moved away from left due to new tech, as you say Third Wave"

---

Going against corp interests by reworking trade deals to bring labor
back which moved to China, so workers would make more money?

Yes ultra-capitalist mastermind this guy.

"But wasn't Trump's China policy a hard-right policy, he wants war with China?"

---

I can't believe these things are real

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">43 USC §373b, 43 CFR §420.12(d)(3) &amp; §420.12 make it a federal crime to drive an off-road vehicle on Bureau of Reclamation land while you&#39;re drunk, but &quot;off-road vehicle&quot; does not include a lawnmower.</p>&mdash; A Crime a Day (@CrimeADay) <a href="https://twitter.com/CrimeADay/status/1299878501617721346?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Normandy, is it?

---

Niicee. Where the F is that?

<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EgqplmAXsAAhGIj?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

"@davidsirota

Rahm Emanuel presided over the suppression of a video of a police
murder of a teenager, then left office in disgrace to become a Wall St
exec. He’s billed as an honorable Democratic statesman. Meanwhile,
Medicare for All proponents are called 'grifters.'"

---

Trying to create magical negros out of my Anatolian negros?

---

The geo is all wrong too, try Bursa, Anatolia, in so-called Turkey

---

Wrong 60s. Try [1867](2013/12/inventions-of-kebabic-kind.md).

"Doner kebap was invented in Berlin when immigrants [so-called Turks]
arrived there, during 60s"

---

"@lauriechenwords

Thomas Piketty confirmed that his latest book won’t be published in
China, since he refused to bow to censors’ demands to cut a section on
rising inequality under the CCP ... President Xi Jinping heaped praise
on Thomas Pikkety’s magnum opus Capital in the 21st Century, but his
new book on inequality has fallen afoul of China’s censors"

---
