# Tweets - Week 18d
t
BTW - who names a health insurance after one of the most deadliest
snakes in the world? These ppl are pshycopaths.

*2020-4-30 21:30:24*

---

I was thinking M4A a good compromise solution for affordable and
humane care but maybe UK method is even better (all health is managed
directly by gov, reports to PM). Johnson keeps saying how they work
hard to flatten the curve bcz "we had to prevent out NHS from being
overwhelmed" - now that's a thing a politician can observe and
optimize on, bcz it is directly under their purview in UK, which turns
out something useful for the populace at large. It is always good to
have the right incentives in place... So pol can do things to protect
NHS which in turn protects the public.

In US federal pols could be like ... meh.. I dont know.. there are
bunch of hospitals out there and stuff, ppl can go there.. and like,
fend for themselves? And we'll, like, save COBRA or something.. Just
wave a hand and dismiss the problem bcz it doesnt effect any
bureucracy they control directly.

I am not saying pols necessarily dont care for people, but in some
instances it is not clear what to __do__ about the problem, which
gears to __turn__ to cause change. For UK it is very simple - protect
NHS. Expand NHS - if necessary. I am sure they have a lively research
arm and can put out some good solutions - well, that's great. Help NHS
to research, or coordinate research with others, unis so forth. The
research results too can then be used directly, through NHS, wout this
talk of patents, executive orders, etc. During the time of emergency
it is beyond distasteful to hear of this stuff.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Finally.<a href="https://t.co/jBKwJh7Y63">https://t.co/jBKwJh7Y63</a></p>&mdash; Governor Jay Inslee (@GovInslee) <a href="https://twitter.com/GovInslee/status/1255900615353397250?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-30 21:30:24*

---

The tech sucks - get out, pronto \#bitshitcoin

<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EW3sNJoXYAAH0tO?format=jpg&name=small"/>

*2020-4-30 20:49:1*

---

"Lebanese elites flee as banks come under attack"

[Link](https://asiatimes.com/2020/04/lebanese-elites-flee-as-banks-come-under-attack/)

*2020-4-30 20:47:41*

---

Interesting in Trek universe the ugliest looking motherfuckers are an
alien race of uber-capitalists. 

*2020-4-30 19:24:5*

---

The main constitutional doc for Ferrengis is "Ferrengi Bill of
Opportunities" ðŸ˜†ðŸ˜†ðŸ˜†

*2020-4-30 19:23:25*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The fuel of the future has become the fuel of the now. LA is replacing a coal-fueled power plant with one that will run completely on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/greenhydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#greenhydrogen</a>: <a href="https://t.co/mfmg9euAwf">https://t.co/mfmg9euAwf</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/climate?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#climate</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/sustainability?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#sustainability</a></p>&mdash; Ballard Power (@BallardPwr) <a href="https://twitter.com/BallardPwr/status/1255558466569199617?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 29, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-30 18:40:47*

---

3.8 M more in jobless claims.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/05/stats.html)

---

"@ddiamond

The first serious Covid-19 case in Minnesota was a 38-year-old Ironman
athlete who nearly died and still relies on oxygen five weeks later"

*2020-4-30 18:34:16*

---

"Bosch intends to position itself successfully in another growth
market: As early as 2030, one in eight newly registered heavy trucks
could be powered by a fuel cell thanks to work Bosch is undertaking
with partner Ceres Power on stationary fuel cells.

These can supply buildings such as a computing centres with
electricity and Bosch anticipates that the market for fuel cell power
stations will be worth more than â‚¬20bn by 2030"

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/bosch-ceo-calls-for-a-move-to-a-hydrogen-economy/)

*2020-4-30 15:50:47*

---

<img width="240"  src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EW0HHtKXgAARPRD?format=jpg&name=small"/>

*2020-4-30 15:47:29*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The populist right is far more real in advocating for actual people than any of the lefts grandstanding. <a href="https://t.co/2LssO5s65r">https://t.co/2LssO5s65r</a></p>&mdash; Dylan Ratigan (@DylanRatigan) <a href="https://twitter.com/DylanRatigan/status/1255573829491056641?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 29, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-30 9:37:24*

---

"@covidperspectiv

The Mayor of Los Angeles has announced that effective immediately, any
LA resident can get tested for coronavirus, regardless of whether they
have symptoms. The tests are free of charge. LA is the first major
city in America to offer this"

*2020-4-30 7:30:44*

---

"@LeeCamp

The US government is flying expensive fighter jets over US
cities. They're not doing it to boost morale & thank workers. They're
doing it to remind us that the Military Industrial Complex will keep
gorging on our tax money while we're left to suffer through a
pandemic"

*2020-4-30 7:27:1*

---

