# Tweets - Week 22b

"@MaxCRoser

I always found it wrong that - despite huge demand for it - the
worldâ€™s best universities did pretty much nothing to increase the
reach of their teaching. Perhaps some universities take the pandemic
as a chance to change their business model and start reaching
millions"

*2020-05-25 09:22:1*

---

"CH troops challenge India at multiple locations in eastern Ladakh,
standoff continues.. troops crossed 3 km into what India perceives to
be its territory South East of the Galwan Valley in eastern Ladakh"

[Link](https://theprint.in/defence/chinese-troops-challenge-india-at-multiple-locations-in-eastern-ladakh-standoff-continues/428304/)

*2020-05-25 09:12:5*

---

Leaders, experts are small in numbers in any field

"@emollick

Internet communities depend on just a few people because of the 90-9-1
rule: 90% of people lurk, 9% contribute a little, 1% do a lot. It is
true on Reddit, where 25% of the most popular subreddits are
administered by 4 people; on Wikipedia (77% is written by 1% of
users!) & more"

*2020-05-25 08:48:3*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Portuguese Government Approves <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> Strategy, â‚¬7B Investments--Portugalâ€™s government recently approved the national strategy for#hydrogen, which foresees investments of 7 billion euros â€œby 2030--<a href="https://t.co/XZR1yQn5Cu">https://t.co/XZR1yQn5Cu</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/h2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#h2</a> <a href="https://t.co/IsQLC57c7f">pic.twitter.com/IsQLC57c7f</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1264755938885591047?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-25 08:45:7*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Pat Tillman called the Iraq War &quot;fucking illegal&quot; and got shot to death by his own men. <a href="https://t.co/gZUkxVFEMR">https://t.co/gZUkxVFEMR</a></p>&mdash; Gravel Institute (@GravelInstitute) <a href="https://twitter.com/GravelInstitute/status/1265015401731284992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 25, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-25 08:33:2*

---

ðŸ™„ Tired of this subject. It should never have been made the
centerpiece of political food fight.

"Doubts about that article claiming that hydroxychloroquine /
chloroquine is killing people"

[Link](https://statmodeling.stat.columbia.edu/2020/05/24/doubts-about-that-article-claiming-that-hydroxychloroquine-chloroquine-is-killing-people/)

*2020-05-25 08:12:1*

---

"@jaltucher

We're living in the 'upside down'. Kids can't go to school but I just
saw a job opening for 15 yr olds at the grocery store. Let's put them
at risk of getting a deadly virus delivering canned tuna to rich
people who clap for 2 mins at 7PM but make sure they can't get
educated"

*2020-05-25 08:11:7*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Let&#39;s say you&#39;re right. I disagree, but let&#39;s say. His case is still wrong. He&#39;s not being prosecuted for spying or theft, but for obtaining, receiving, and disclosing national defense information. Reporters who cover national security regularly do the same. Hence the problem. <a href="https://t.co/LcnxAa7Wmg">https://t.co/LcnxAa7Wmg</a></p>&mdash; Matt Taibbi (@mtaibbi) <a href="https://twitter.com/mtaibbi/status/1264598322297425920?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-25 08:06:30*

---

CH skeptic Gen Spalding is on TRT World (TR Eng news channel).

*2020-05-25 08:06:27*

---

IMO this quantum stuff is a waste of time for Google. This is the sort
of work gov funds. It is very possible the whole thing is a crock,
and might not bring any benefit to any company in near future.

"In this paper I want to present to you my theory explaining why
computationally superior quantum computing is not possible, discuss
the laws of nature that may support this theory, and describe some
potential connections and applications. .. [T]ghe assertion of a paper
published in *Nature* in October 2019, declaring that 'quantum
computational supremacy' was achieved by a team from Google on a
53-qubit computer, seems to refute my argument. We will describe and
give a preliminary evaluation of Googleâ€™s claims. ...

My argument against quantum supremacy and quantum error-correction
Here, in brief, is my argument against quantum computers. ...

(A) From the perspective of computational complexity theory, noisy
intermediate scale quantum (NISQ) circuits are low-level classical
computational devices.

(B) Therefore, by naturalness, NISQ systems do not support quantum
supremacy. In other words, the rate of noise cannot be reduced to the
level allowing quantum supremacy.

(C) Achieving good-quality quantum error-correction requires an even lower noise rate
than the one required for achieving quantum supremacy.

(D) Therefore, NISQ systems do not support quantum error-correction.

(E) Hence, large-scale quantum computing based on quantum
error-correction is beyond reach"

[Link](https://gilkalai.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/laws-blog.pdf)

*2020-05-24 14:20:59*

---

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EYwyfThWsAcBL53?format=jpg&name=small"/>

*2020-05-24 14:10:58*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We could hardly believe it when we got a message from Jos Baart telling us that Europe&#39;s biggest owl, the Eurasian eagle-owl, had made a nest in a planter in front of his window. Not only that, she had also hatched three giant chicks!<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/vroegevogels?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#vroegevogels</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/springwatch?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#springwatch</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/owl?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#owl</a> <a href="https://t.co/gz1odkFLYC">pic.twitter.com/gz1odkFLYC</a></p>&mdash; Vroege Vogels (@VroegeVogels) <a href="https://twitter.com/VroegeVogels/status/1262331156818771973?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-24 14:9:8*

---

"Scientists at the US Department of Energy's (DOE) Argonne National
Laboratory have developed platinum-free fuel cell catalysts that can
be used for cheaper hydrogen fuel cell production"

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/platinum-free-catalysts-could-make-cheaper-hydrogen-fuel-cells/)

*2020-05-24 14:1:1*

---

Listening to a debate between a BJP rep (nationalist party in India),
and a lady from oppo. At some pt she angrily says, referring to the
Moslem minority, "I will not let you turn them into a bogey" :) She
probably meant 'boogeyman', came out that way, but with the accent it
was funny. Good-funny.

*2020-05-24 13:53:9*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">At a time when we need hard hitting reporting more than ever, weâ€™ve launched this new journalism project and have been breaking some solid stories. Pitch in to help us expand by becoming a supporting subscriber â€” and please retweet! <a href="https://t.co/bhrAPu1jlk">https://t.co/bhrAPu1jlk</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1264353479490859009?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-05-24 13:11:49*

---
