# Tweets - Week 21b

Hah -- I read Dalia Lama said 'if robots are advanced enough, you will
be able to reincarnate into them'.

Yes. If reincarnation is taken as 'entering the game over and over
again', makes sense. As a player in a normal computer game, wouldn't
we play a sufficiently advanced bot? Sure, why not? People even play
hamster, rabbit, fish in games!

Then there is the answer for the conciousness question; can a robot be
concious?  Well, a concious player can be in one, so yes.

DL -- that guy knows some shit, tiz all I gotta say.

*2020-05-19 14:53:24*

---

You can [prove](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2015/04/god-religion.html)
a creator is more likely, which in a simulation/game angle
would be the programmer. Not so far-fetched.

"But you cannot prove God exists".

*2020-05-19 14:47:59*

---

Goldcuck still doesn't understand -- the unlinking of gold and dollar
during Nixon admin was inevitable.

Gold or any other finite amount currency cannot be world currency. 

We need [bancor](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/06/bancor.html).
Keynes was a smart guy. 

Gao, Japan's Econ Dilemma: "After World War II, advanced
industrialized countries, under the leadership of the United States,
established the Bretton Woods system and the General Agreement on
Trade and Tariffs (GATT) system to promote social protection and to
sustain the expansion of trade and production. This international
economic order, however, contained the Triffin dilemma: On the one
hand, the Bretton Woods system and the GATT system provided the ally
countries of the United States with great opportunities to export
their products – sustained by the undervalued currencies relative to
the dollar – and to increase their trade surplus with the United
States.

On the other hand, the United States, as the key currency country
responsible for sustaining confidence in the dollar, could not take
any action to adjust trade deficits through the exchange rate. The
United States enjoyed the benefits of the dollar as reserve,
transaction, and intervention currency, thereby extending its economic
and political privileges and freeing itself from concern about its
balance of payments in the conduct of its foreign policy or the
management of its domestic economy; but any devaluation of the dollar
to improve American competitiveness would immediately have been wiped
out by parallel devaluation of other currencies. Sooner or later,
Robert Triffin predicted, either the system would collapse or
alternative ways would be found to address this issue...

Disregarding this dilemma, unfortunately, advanced industrialized
countries pushed the expansion of trade and production beyond the
capacities of the postwar international economic order. The increasing
holding of the dollar outside the United States eventually forced the
U.S. government to unlink the dollar and gold. That action led to the
collapse of the Bretton Woods system"

*2020-05-19 14:29:53*

---

Religions hark back to our pre-agro life, in terms of the social
contract and eating habits. Back then there were no rich people, and
some ppl could go hungry for a few days (sometimes the hunt doesnt go
well). So religions at their core both stress equality, and many have
fasting. This is an underhanded way of reminding ppl of our
origin. 

*2020-05-19 13:37:35*

---

[Fast](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2010/04/devany.html#fast)

"I am fat"

*2020-05-19 13:36:51*

---

Don't [jog](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2010/04/devany.html#jog).
Outside is fine.

"I miss jogging, being outside"

*2020-05-19 13:26:39*

---

Summah time

*2020-05-19 12:52:52*

---

70 percent!!!!

"Since the [Roman] troops took at least 70 per cent of the budget,
there was a considerable shortfall. It was made up by raising the poll
tax – bad news for the less well off. So long as Rome was expanding,
there was no great problem. The army paid for itself in captured land,
captured booty and captured slaves to act as the cheapest of cheap
labour. Slaves [servi] are so called because commanders generally sell
the people they capture and thereby save [servare] them instead of
killing them. The word for property in slaves [mancipia] is derived
from the fact that they are captured from the enemy by force of arms
[manu capiuntur]'"

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:59:4*

---

"The great Greek doctor Galen, who lived in the second century AD,
explained why malnutrition was so widespread in rural communities. It
was, he said, all the fault of the rapacious townsmen: The
city-dwellers, as was their practice, collected and stored enough corn
for all the coming year immediately after the harvest. They carried
off all the wheat, the barley, the beans and the lentils and left what
remained to the country-folk.' Few Roman cities could supply their own
needs; they had to ransack the countryside in order to keep their
larders supplied. In this way, the 10 per cent of Romans who lived in
the cities exploited the 90 per cent who lived outside"

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:39:34*

---

"Tacitus put a savage condemnation of the conquest into the mouth of
one British leader [Britain was partially invaded by Romans then]. His
words echo with a chill that transcends the centuries and reverberates
today: 'Robbers of the world; having exhausted the land by their
universal plunder, they rifle the deep. If their enemy is rich, they
are rapacious; if he is poor, they lust for power; neither the east
nor the west has been able to satisfy them. Alone among men they covet
with equal eagerness poverty and riches. Robbery, slaughter and
plunder they misname empire; they make a wilderness and call it peace'"

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:36:12*

---

Book talks about the 'Celtic lands of Galatia' in Anatolia.  Some
interesting relations btw them and Rome. Wouldn't it better to
research these ppl instead of some pigmy motherf..kers from Central
Asia whose cultural effect for today is minimal, next to none?

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:16:8*

---

"What we know of Celtic law comes from the Irish Brehon Laws, the rules
of a legal system of self-help without courts or police, and which
depended on communal respect. These laws respect individuals more than
property, treat contracts as sacred, impose duties of hospitality and
protection to strangers, and assume that women have equal property
rights to men and can divorce. It seems certain that these laws are of
great antiquity. They list 14 grounds on which a woman can demand a
divorce, including being treated badly in public by her husband and
being beaten by him. Beating your wife, if you were Roman, was about
as significant as breaking your crockery: she was property. In these
Celtic law codes a wife has the same rights as anybody else, so if she
was beaten, there were fines and tables of compensation... In Rome,
rape was not a crime against a woman, but an injury to her male
guardian, an offence against his property"

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:11:6*

---

"The sacks of Rome by the Goths and Vandals were not great acts of
destruction. The Goths destroyed only one building, the Vandals none
at all. Both were armies of Christians. But the Roman Empire itself
had already adopted a particular form of Christianity – Catholicism –
and, being Rome, it was trying to impose this form of the religion on
everyone else. The Catholic Church triumphed, and – again in the great
Roman tradition – did all it could to remake people and history as it
wanted them. The Church decided which documents would survive and
which would not: all our sources come to us from medieval Catholic
copyists. So again, our picture of the past has been given to us in a
very particular way"

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:01:56*

---

*Terry Jones' Barbarians*: "'[The propaganda goes] The Romans kept the
Barbarians at bay as long as they could, but finally they were
engulfed, and the savage hordes over-ran the Empire, destroying the
cultural achievements of centuries. The light of reason and
civilization was virtually snuffed out by the Barbarian hordes who
swarmed across Europe, annihilating everything the Romans had put in
place, sacking Rome itself and consigning Europe to the Dark Ages. The
Barbarians brought only chaos and ignorance, until the Renaissance
rekindled the fires of Roman learning and art'.

It's a familiar story, but it's codswallop. The unique feature of Rome
was not its arts or its science or its philosophical culture, not its
attachment to law, its care for humanity or its sophisticated
political culture. In fact, in all these areas it was equalled or even
surpassed by peoples whom it conquered. The unique feature of Rome was
that it had the world's first professional army...

We actually owe far more to the so-called barbarians' than we do to
the men in togas. And the fact that we still think of the Celts, the
Huns, the Vandals, the Goths, the Visigoths and so on as barbarians'
means that we have all fallen hook, line and sinker for Roman
propaganda. We are still letting the Romans define our world and our
view of history. In the last 30 years, however, the story has begun to
change. Archaeological discoveries have shed new light on the ancient
texts that have survived, and this has led to new interpretations of
the past.

We now know that the Roman Empire brought much of the development of
science and mathematics to a grinding halt for about 1500 years, and
that a great deal of what was known and achieved before Rome took over
had to be relearned and rediscovered much more recently. Rome used its
army to eliminate the cultures that surrounded it, and paid its
soldiers with the wealth it took from them. It Romanized' these
conquered societies and left as little record of them as possible. The
truth is that much of what we understand to be Roman civilization' was
plundered from the Barbarian world. The Romans conquered with swords,
shields, armour and artillery that were copied from the people they
fought; their cities were built with the loot from the wealthier
cultures that surrounded them; and as for the famous Roman roads,
well, read on ... Sadly, many of the engineering and scientific
achievements of the Barbarian world were destroyed so completely that,
even when evidence of them turned up, it was either disbelieved or the
achievements attributed to the Romans themselves. Now, however, we are
beginning to realize that the story of a descent from the light of
Rome to the darkness of Barbarian dominion is completely false"

\#terryjones

*2020-05-19 07:01:45*

---

Muller-Plantenberg: "Japan’s large and sustained current account
surpluses are at the root of its current economic problems. By pushing
up the yen very strongly over decades, Japan’s export boom has
contributed to the deflationary pressures from which the economy has
been suffering from for quite some time. Of course, removing the
external surplus would fix the problem according to the logic applied
here. Yet the current account is not a policy variable, and at any
rate a strong demand for Japanese exports seems to provide a welcome
stimulus for the economy. Policy makers naturally look for other kinds
of remedies, namely for measures they can potentially control.

What Scope for Monetary Policy? .. With interest rates hitting zero,
the Bank of Japan’s only way to induce money growth is to keep
printing money. But the BOJ has already bought government bonds, and
thus created money, on a large scale. The monetary base has increased
at an annual rate of almost 25 percent over the two years to 2003 (The
Economist, June 19, 2003). Yet this has not led to higher growth in
broad money. Instead, bank lending has continued to fall. Banks are
reluctant to lend, as they are already piled up with bad loans, a
problem that is only slowly being overcome. Moreover indebted firms
are unwilling to borrow as long as the deflation environment persists"

*2020-05-19 06:58:00*

---

I'm a big fan of these repeat names, Abdullah Abdullah. Boutros
Boutros... Whats ur name? Abdullah. What's ur first name?
Abdullah. It's fly.

*2020-05-18 17:13:1*

---

😆😆😆 they were both like 'Im the real prez biaatch!' this is hilarious

"President of Afghanistan Ashraf Ghani and his rival Abdullah Abdullah
have agreed to share presidential powers. The decision ends months of
uncertainty that had included dual inauguration ceremonies"

*2020-05-18 17:03:11*

---

Interesting, started a new thing without no net, but already have
enough material offline *in da stash* so chugging along

*2020-05-18 17:03:07*

---

"'Believe all women' was always a flawed \#MeToo slogan. The impetus
for it was understandable: A sordid history of reflexively
disbelieving most women had to be overcome. And 'Don’t reflexively
disbelieve women; diligently investigate their claims' isn’t very
catchy. But the diligent investigation of claims and an absence of
stigma or vilification is what accusers require from the public
sphere, not masses of people taking to social media to proclaim, “I
believe.”

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/05/dont-anguish-over-whom-to-believe/611662/)

*2020-05-18 17:03:02*

---

"Roosevelt and his advisers were far from the clairvoyant visionaries
of legend. They never had a master plan [Roos certainly did not win on
any 'plan' as challenger]. Rather, in the administration’s first 100
days, they implemented a flurry of laws and regulations. If those
programs worked, they remained. If they didn’t, they were dropped, to
be replaced by others.The National Industrial Recovery Act, for
example, with its voluntary codes of fair competition for prices and
wages and limited encouragement of collective bargaining proved
inadequate, and then was ruled unconstitutional. The administration
quickly developed alternatives, including the National Labor Relations
Act (known as the Wagner Act), which offered a clearer path to
unionization.Not until after 1935 did the New Deal’s welfare state of
Social Security, unemployment insurance, and public housing emerge"

[Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2020/05/how-rebuild-nation/611704/)

*2020-05-18 08:15:16*

---

EFF: "The House of Representatives has introduced new COVID-19
emergency response legislation to address the largest public health
and economic calamity the United States has faced in generations. Like
the crisis it is meant to address, the bill is massive. One provision
deserves particular attention: guaranteeing free Internet access if
you have been economically harmed by COVID-19 (as originally
envisioned in legislation promoted by Congressman Marc Veasey). ...

As various parts of it are renegotiated, Congress must keep in mind
that Internet access is vital and cannot be bargained away.

Many Americans have little to no choice among high-speed Internet
providers. And monopolies and near-monopolies have little to no
incentive to keep prices low or speeds high. This bill will address
the price part of the equation"

[Link](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2020/05/house-legislation-guarantees-internet-access-those-affected-covid-19)

*2020-5-17 20:50:59*

---

Gov formed in Israel, finally. Unity gov with Gantz. 

There was lota heckling during his parliament speech.

I like it how the translator is really acting it out while translating

[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5uGS10gA64)

*2020-5-17 20:9:19*

---

"@ben_j_lindsay

AI will never take over my job, because once it's smart enough to
combine 6 different customer's Excel files, each with different
columns, different data encodings (i.e. cell colors), and different
kinds of missing data, it will be smart enough to pretend it can't"

*2020-5-17 17:46:34*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Parahawking is an activity that combines paragliding with falconry. Birds of prey are trained to fly with paragliders, guiding them to thermal columns <a href="https://t.co/O1WmthDvGM">https://t.co/O1WmthDvGM</a> [gif: <a href="https://t.co/ceQyzhMssy">https://t.co/ceQyzhMssy</a>] <a href="https://t.co/Z5fEcIbCdY">pic.twitter.com/Z5fEcIbCdY</a></p>&mdash; Massimo (@Rainmaker1973) <a href="https://twitter.com/Rainmaker1973/status/1262020353095872513?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-5-17 17:7:12*

---

😊 

"@vivschwarz

Zoom sucks, we started having editorial meetings in Red Dead
Redemption instead. It's nice to sit at the campfire and discuss
projects, with the wolves howling out in the night"

*2020-5-17 16:37:13*

---

Yeah SV was madly behind this thing (OO). If u need any proof how much
useless shit SV is engaged in, look no further.

[Link](https://medium.com/better-programming/object-oriented-programming-the-trillion-dollar-disaster-92a4b666c7c7)

*2020-5-17 15:12:20*

---

"New Zealand's Ardern turned away from cafe under coronavirus rules

Hailed for her leadership during the coronavirus pandemic, New Zealand
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern and her partner were turned away from a
cafe on Saturday because it was too full under the physical distancing
guidelines"

*2020-5-17 14:11:4*

---

"@joshua_landis

Russia has sent six MiG-29 fighter jets to Syria to support the
military, according to Iranian sources"

*2020-5-17 13:59:1*

---

"@lpachter

Auto-LaTeX in Google Docs is neither Auto nor LaTeX"

*2020-5-17 13:56:1*

---

How does the dynamics of culture code manipulation work? Say, bcz
there is one-party system in US, and I am a Dem (or Rep) and don't
want real issues to be talked about bcz I am for same fukking thing as
the other guy, but I still need some issues to differentiate myself,
so I decide to press some buttons at cultural level.

Observe: now I am going to take a mother's health issue, and make it
hot-button. I say,

"Prohibit yourself from fucking (if not married). "

And

"If you do fuck, and have a baby, prohibit yourself from ending the
pregnancy".

Now the brain snaps to attention. No matter the issue, you lace it
with prohibition/freedom division, the cultural mind wants to take a
side on that. The analytical brain is overridden. Mission
accomplished. I just created the "abortion issue". Now you can have
ppl fight over these divisions, which puts you at the center of that
division, and corporations buying out US and the world (and Dems/Reps
not doing anything about it) are forgotten.

Guns are same way, this time prohibition is on the liberal side, cons
are for "freedom", gay/straight, drugs/no-drugs, masks/no-masks,
stay-at-home/not, you could go on... Notice how all these issues are
conventiently formed around the same axis. Prohibit self. Or freeeee
yourself. Freeeedomm.

*2020-5-17 13:01:34*

---

<center>
<img width="140" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETZJzIkXgAAEi9Q?format=jpg&name=small"/>
</center>

