# Tweets - Week 24b

"@daliagebrial

Yeah sex is great but have you ever seen people dump the statue of a
slave owner in the very river where his slave ships used to dock"

---

Centrist are so insanely stupid. They cld rid themselves of thoae bros
they hate so much if they did this minimal thing.

---

Give ppl free hwalth insurance and enough money so they dont have to
work in these shit jobs unless they have to.

---

There is a certain lack of quality associated with this
class. Teachers are condemning each child with their subpar skill,
poisoning their minds. Cops are actively killing them.

This is what you get when you try to "create work" for people who
should not even be employed (at least in that line of work).

---

Unions were pro Vietnam War back in the day.

---

Cops are working class. They have unions. Do we like them just because
they are "working class", "wage earners"?

---

The ease of payment coupled w ppls wish to reward wld generate massive
revenue at a scale not seen in our lifetimes. Patreon, Youtube ad rev
are not the rigt model. Destroy the gatekeepers.

---

Music, movies licencing, DRM same thing. Setup a Nano acct where I can
send u money for a song, movie that I like. Legislatively, in the
background ppl fight who owns the access to that acct, how to
distribute it even to stakeholders, I dont care. Consumer sees one
acct, for one work. Music, movies are freely downloadable.

This is how tech turns things upside down.

---

Old system sprinkled w some tech buzz. Wont work.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The hope that pervasive cameras by themselves would counterbalance the systemic racism that leads to the overpolicing of communities of color and the disproportionate use of force against black men was simply a techno-utopian fantasy. <a href="https://t.co/o4hxjFyCxw">https://t.co/o4hxjFyCxw</a></p>&mdash; Cathy O&#39;Neil (@mathbabedotorg) <a href="https://twitter.com/mathbabedotorg/status/1269677641713553408?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Responsibility for all lies with govs at every level. Have to manage
risk, at the right stage, and not allow one crisis to morph into
another. Now enjoy your grand fuck up.

---

Avoiding crowds against covid or participating in them to protest
against a force set to kill you. You are fighting for survival either
way. And the cop thing is probably worse.

---

@nytimes

Breaking News: A veto-proof majority of the Minneapolis City Council pledged to dismantle the city’s Police Department, vowing to create a new public safety system 

---


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Black Lives Matter. <a href="https://t.co/JpXUFlxH2J">pic.twitter.com/JpXUFlxH2J</a></p>&mdash; Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) <a href="https://twitter.com/MittRomney/status/1269758561720156160?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Eric Garner died from a chokehold in 2014. They were banned in NY in 1993"

https://statmodeling.stat.columbia.edu/2020/06/07/the-seventy-two-percent-solution-to-police-violence/

---

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EZ4XFTtWkAEsfKZ?format=jpg&name=medium

---

"International cooperation is needed to protect democratic values from
an increasingly assertive communist China, a new group made up of
lawmakers from eight countries and the EU parliament has said"

[Link](https://defconwarningsystem.com/2020/06/07/global-alliance-formed-to-counter-china-threat-amid-rising-tensions/)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">As much grief as conservatives gave Obama for Solyndra or A123, Trump&#39;s hard bet on coal was a far, far worse misread of the market. <a href="https://t.co/KW0i3UfywW">https://t.co/KW0i3UfywW</a></p>&mdash; Tim Grejtak (@TheEnergyNerd) <a href="https://twitter.com/TheEnergyNerd/status/1262531527990280192?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">That path to competitiveness report had me gagged. We&#39;re all debating about it now at work. Take a look if you already haven&#39;t.</p>&mdash; Tim Grejtak (@TheEnergyNerd) <a href="https://twitter.com/TheEnergyNerd/status/1263685507743191042?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"[A]s the world adopted low-cost solar and low-cost batteries, we
learned more about their limitations. Electricity is many things, but
it’s not a panacea.

One of the biggest challenges facing an all-electric economy is its
regionality. Power plants are rarely more than a few hundred miles
from the homes and businesses they power. As a result, the world is
divided into hundreds of regional electricity markets – individual
electric fiefdoms with their own rules, regulations, and
resources. That regionality and those resources become the challenge
as the world moves to wind and solar electricity; not every
electricity market has access to the same quality of wind and
solar. Some places like Australia and the U.S. are so flooded with
cheap renewable energy that it’s wreaking havoc in their electricity
markets, while others like Northern Europe, Japan, and Korea have such
poor wind and solar resources they have no hope of ever powering their
economies completely by renewable energy alone.

We must find a renewable energy carrier"

[Link](https://www.luxresearchinc.com/blog/why-hydrogen-and-why-now)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hydrogen infrastructure for HD trucks on its ways:<br>Switzerland: Hydrospider delivers green H2 to the HRS [<a href="https://t.co/dFMCphgcph">https://t.co/dFMCphgcph</a>]<br>USA: Nikola orders electrolyzers for 5 HRSs [<a href="https://t.co/VASvWuHNmf">https://t.co/VASvWuHNmf</a>]<br>China: China H2 Energy and FC Monthly Report; April 2020: &gt;200 HRSs [ASIACHEM]</p>&mdash; Reiner (@H2FCEV) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2FCEV/status/1269697483019636737?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

I dont think these ppl get any training at all. Just a random guy
with a gun. There are so many immob techniques... 

---

Just some lady FGS. Pohlice acting like came across al Qaida

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">There are ways to arrest someone without using a CHOKEHOLD!! What’s happening in this video from Bellevue, WA (near Seattle) continues to happen in countless cities across America. It’s tragic and needs to STOP. Police brutality is a choice, plain and simple. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/blacklivesmatter?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#blacklivesmatter</a> <a href="https://t.co/yjpVl1103j">pic.twitter.com/yjpVl1103j</a></p>&mdash; Benjamin Crump, Esq. (@AttorneyCrump) <a href="https://twitter.com/AttorneyCrump/status/1269641746180444161?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Hossenfelder, *Lost in Math*: "Cosmologist Paul Steinhardt calls the
multiverse idea 'baroque, unnatural, untestable and, in the end,
dangerous to science and society.' According to Paul Davies, it is
'simply naive deism dressed up in scientific language.' George Ellis
warns that 'proponents of the multiverse… are implicitly redefining
what is meant by ‘science.’' 8 David Gross finds that 'it smells of
angels.' For Neil Turok, it’s 'the ultimate catastrophe.' And science
writer John Horgan complains that 'multiverse theories aren’t
theories—they’re science fictions, theologies, works of the
imagination unconstrained by evidence.'"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">New York is the global financial capital — the home of Wall Street banks and the largest Fed branch. And yet the state government uses some random out-of-state bank with one ATM as its distributor of unemployment benefits? WTAF? <a href="https://t.co/AwR8y1kpnn">https://t.co/AwR8y1kpnn</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1269633893344276482?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@RojavaNetwork

\#Idlib: Since the morning of Sunday, June 7, intense Russian
reconnaissance aircraft were reported in the sky south of Idlib, in
conjunction with the arrival of huge SAA military force near the
confrontation lines. Activists in Idlib say Syria army prepare a
 military operation"

---

"The base-case .. scenario indicates an annual hydrogen market worth
over $1 trillion by 2050, potentially saving 5 gigatonnes in
CO2 emissions a year – a massive reduction of 15% a year from current
emission levels. Barclays' base case suggests the hydrogen market is
set to grow 8-fold by 2050"

[Link](https://www.investmentbank.barclays.com/our-insights/the-hydrogen-economy-fuelling-the-fight-against-climate-change.html?icid=hydrogen_LI)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Edward Colston statue pulled down by BLM protesters in Bristol. Colston was a 17th century slave trader who has numerous landmarks named after him in Bristol. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/BlackLivesMattters?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#BlackLivesMattters</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/blmbristol?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#blmbristol</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ukprotests?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ukprotests</a> <a href="https://t.co/JEwk3qKJx2">pic.twitter.com/JEwk3qKJx2</a></p>&mdash; Jack Grey (@_jackgrey) <a href="https://twitter.com/_jackgrey/status/1269625428400132096?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Pick a knee. The one that knelt on a neck or the one that knelt to try to prevent it.</p>&mdash; S.E. Cupp (@secupp) <a href="https://twitter.com/secupp/status/1269493689321226241?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 7, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

@Justin_Bons

Core has released a new upgrade for BTC, actions speak louder then
words, in this case code: There is not even a single improvement to
scaling It also removes BIP70, the most widely used payment protocol,
which payment processors such as @BitPay rely on

---
