# Tweets - Week 25b

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Without a doubt the coolest thing I will see today!<br><br>Clip of an <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/AiaaAviation?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#AiaaAviation</a> presentation showing vortex shedding &amp; breakdown from sims of a rotor in hover. Mesmerizing visualization from Dr. Jennifer Abras &amp; the HPCMP CREATE team. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/AvGeek?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#AvGeek</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/aiaa?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@aiaa</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/AeroWomen?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@AeroWomen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/fyfluiddynamics?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@fyfluiddynamics</a> <a href="https://t.co/WJfYLK1zeX">pic.twitter.com/WJfYLK1zeX</a></p>&mdash; Christopher Combs (@DrChrisCombs) <a href="https://twitter.com/DrChrisCombs/status/1272551523600478209?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@davidsirota

NEWS: Trump just quietly gave private equity a huge gift that could
transfer hundreds of billions of dollars from workers to Wall Street
billionaires.

The move followed a $3 MILLION super PAC donation from the private
equity mogul pushing for the change"

---

"Australian hydrogen generation set to soar with Sydney-based Amtronics"

---

"@SymbioFCell

\#SymbioWatch Germany plans to become a world leader in #hydrogen
production and transport. France has the potential to lead the race
too"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">You can get a good 5 minutes in before the heatstroke makes you black out. <a href="https://t.co/an2SAf9Mtq">https://t.co/an2SAf9Mtq</a></p>&mdash; Matt Jordan (@ItsMattJordan) <a href="https://twitter.com/ItsMattJordan/status/1272308757876310019?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 14, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Today I&#39;m meetingüì∫ ministers from all over the <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EU?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EU</a> at the informal gathering of the üá™üá∫ <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EnergyCouncil?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EnergyCouncil</a>, discussing the recovery in the context of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EUGreenDeal?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EUGreenDeal</a> &amp; the role of innovative energy technologies, including <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/WG5E0hEnVi">pic.twitter.com/WG5E0hEnVi</a></p>&mdash; Kadri Simson (@KadriSimson) <a href="https://twitter.com/KadriSimson/status/1272437083454537728?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Very cool

"@NPR

BREAKING: The Supreme Court has delivered a historic victory for LGBTQ
people ‚Äî ruling that the federal law that bars sex discrimination in
employment does apply to LGBTQ employees.

The vote was 6-to-3, with conservatives Chief Justice John Roberts and
Neil Gorsuch joining the court's four liberal justices in the
majority"

---

"@matvelloso

What comes after gen Z? Gen A? Or is it gen Z because at this point
we're all assuming it ends here?"

---

"Last year marked an important milestone for the hydrogen fuel
industry, after the world added 1GW of global hydrogen fuel capacity,
crossing the 1GW mark for the first time ever. That represented 40%
Y/Y growth, or double the global EV unit sales growth.

Hydrogen fuel cell stocks have lately been cleaning house: PlugPower
Inc. (NASDAQ:PLUG) has soared 50.6% YTD and 81.1% over the past 12
months, Ballard Power Systems (NASDAQ:BLDP) is up 67.6% YTD and 188.5%
over 12 months, FuelCell Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCEL) has rallied 1.2%
YTD and 534.8% over 12 months while Bloom Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:
BE) has returned 16.3% YTD and -17.1% over the past 12 months"

[Link](https://oilprice.com/Alternative-Energy/Fuel-Cells/Hydrogen-Fuel-Economy-Is-Finally-Going-Mainstream.html)

---

Interesting study \#H2

[PDF](https://cafcp.org/sites/default/files/Roadmap-for-Deployment-and-Buildout-of-RH2-UCI-CEC-June-2020.pdf)

---

Remember a tweet exch, dude named Chris was protesting someone's name
bcz it was Islam, saying 'it is overtly religious', then someone
responds, "Okay, CHRISTIAN". Some funny shit.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Urban Aeronautics Signs Agreement with HyPoint, Inc. to Incorporate <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelCell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelCell</a> Power CityHawk eVTOL design--HyPoint‚Äôs hydrogen fuel cell design delivers high specific performance and practical performance-<a href="https://t.co/AmXXSnwXKA">https://t.co/AmXXSnwXKA</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://t.co/TleApvH10c">pic.twitter.com/TleApvH10c</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1272412773859782657?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Excellent read in City A.M. quoting Jo Bamford as hydrogen continues to attract a massive surge in interest: ‚ÄúComing out of this crisis we must back green technologies in which we can lead, not just follow‚Äù <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/greenrecovery?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#greenrecovery</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemission?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemission</a><a href="https://t.co/BRt1le3cJz">https://t.co/BRt1le3cJz</a></p>&mdash; RyseHydrogen #wecantwait (@RyseHydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/RyseHydrogen/status/1272420014272974850?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 15, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Scientists close in on 12-billion-year-old signal from the end of the universe's 'dark age'"

[Link](https://www.phys.org/news/2020-06-scientists-billion-year-old-universe-dark-age.amp)

---

Vulcans have only one name..? Spock, and Mr. Spock, never hear any
other name...

The man needs a first name. Like Jake, or Todd. \#Trek 

---

"@rhysblakely

A 70-year-old man in Seattle survived the coronavirus, got applauded
by staff when he left the hospital after 62 days -- and then got a
$1.1 million, 181-page hospital bill"

---

"US State Department demands the removal of mercenaries from Libya"

---

"@kenklippenstein

Feel like it shouldn‚Äôt be legal for police to shoot someone who‚Äôs running away"

---
