# Week 50

Crazy. U know.. coulda happened in 2020.. and the year aint over yet!

"What If Earth got Kicked Out of the Solar System?"

[Link](https://youtu.be/gLZJlf5rHVs?t=239)

---

"Of 43 U.S. House seats that flipped from Republican to Democratic
control in the 2018 midterms, 14 flipped back to GOP control in 2020,
while 29 remained in Democratic hands. Though data is not yet
complete, there are signs that these districtsâ€™ House vote in 2020
mostly mirrored their vote for president"

[Link](https://www.politifact.com/article/2020/dec/04/what-happened-2018-swing-seats-year/)

---

Even that morose moth..f.ka on CNN, Wolf, has flash, in a morose kind
a way, u know.. like guy is wooden and that's his thing.. ? Eveybody
has a thing. Why do you need a thing?

---

Calmer, less flash is great

---

Saw on ABC, the host seemed ready to jump on the guest for perceived
sleight on labor, there is less flash for one thing, which is great,
and the general attitude doesnt seem to be obnoxiously capitalistic,
as it is in US.

---

Would the company make that offer artificially unpalatable tho so that
it is never chosen? Or there'd be reg around that too? ðŸ¤”

---

Oz: new law being discussed, plans to bring some new rules around
casual work. After some months of doing casual work through a company,
the company will have to ask a worker whether they want to become
permanent worker or not.

---

I took CAD courses.. also Computer Graphics undergr, as in, using raw
pixels to form geo constructs. May come in handy.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Displaying prices without including sales taxes <a href="https://t.co/dn0gwaLifI">https://t.co/dn0gwaLifI</a></p>&mdash; Gabriel Zucman (@gabriel_zucman) <a href="https://twitter.com/gabriel_zucman/status/1335424050865135624?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 6, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Studebaker John and the Hawks - For Lovin' You \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/h62qB6dnErg)

---

Toffler, The Third Wave: "Built on the factory model, mass education
taught basic reading, writing, and arithmetic, a bit of history and
other subjects. This was the 'overt curriculum.' But beneath it lay an
invisible or 'covert curriculum' that was far more basic. It
consistedâ€”and still does in most industrial nationsâ€”of three courses:
one in punctuality, one in obedience, and one in rote, repetitive
work. Factory labor demanded workers who showed up on time, especially
assembly-line hands. It demanded workers who would take orders from a
management hierarchy without questioning. And it demanded men and
 women prepared to slave away at machines or in offices, performing
brutally repetitious operations"


---

[The Industrial Man](2008/03/industrial-man-toffler.md)

---

"Hyundai hydrogen fuel-cell system might power French-made Grenadier off-road SUV"

[Link](https://www.greencarreports.com/news/1130420_hyundai-hydrogen-fuel-cell-system-might-power-french-made-grenadier-off-road-suv)

---

"Jim Cramer recommends Linde and Cummins for the future of hydrogen energy"

[Link](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/30/jim-cramer-recommends-linde-and-cummins-for-the-future-of-hydrogen-energy.html)

---

That's funny. RIP. I mean the actor.. he passed away few years back I
believe.. 

"Bill Paxton shares the honor with his Aliens co-star Lance Henriksen
of being the only two actors ever killed on screen by the Terminator,
the Alien and the Predator"

---

"@dailyposter

NEWS: A day after The @DailyPoster broke the story of @GovRaimondo
helping lobbyists give nursing home corporations legal immunity, she's
out of the HHS Secretary race"

---

Dam

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">These are iPad stations being prepared for virtual ICU end of life visits by a palliative care doc I know. Jesus. <a href="https://t.co/lIgbg0FhaL">pic.twitter.com/lIgbg0FhaL</a></p>&mdash; i cant drive, n95 (@roto_tudor) <a href="https://twitter.com/roto_tudor/status/1334534101265682434?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 3, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<iframe width="340" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DteDRD6cbbM?start=39&end=54" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

Rudy is out?

---

"@Cleroth

While the list of services Google offers keeps growing, an alleged
violation can single-handedly lock you out of all the services. Over a
month later, multiple closed-without-reply appeals and 2 employees
personally taken a look, I still don't have access to my data"

---

Raw politics cld be playing a part.. back then Dems did not want to
help Trump, and now Reps do not want to help Biden?

"@GunnelsWarren

We could have had a $1.8 trillion COVID relief bill in October with
direct payments to the working class to help pay the rent and food. It
is shameful that weâ€™re being asked to support a 900 billion bill with
corporate immunity and nothing for the working class"

---

Pro debt / anti debt... The right answer depends on the (ideologically
distinct) party. Oscillation btw the two will lead to an optimal final
IMO, in the long run..but neither is an illegitimate position. See
[Austerity](2020/07/austerity.md).

---

There is some good culture / precedent / regulation around DOJ. Like
Prez cant fire ppl directly but appoint ppl who could, in theory? But
then those ppl are hemmed in with regulation, which they can change,
but its hard. POTUS can always fire for refusal of firing others, but
then you get special prosecutors jammed up your ass, by the courtesy
of Congress.

---

US fought a lot with racism, at gov level.. One of the main actions of
the Justice Department late 1800s was persecuting Klan members. Lota
Klansmen were sent to federal prisons bcz of DOJ.

---

"NY: Parole decisions are down and denials are up as a deadly pandemic
slips through the prison bars"

[Link](https://twitter.com/tommy_robb/status/1335197442271309827)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Our **TOP STORY** this week came from <a href="https://twitter.com/Toyota?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Toyota</a> with the new Mirai. Targets a 10-Fold Increase in Global Mirai Sales *New <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> stack &amp; <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> mobility *Selling price reduced by 20%-<a href="https://t.co/Uy53Ik9Egd">https://t.co/Uy53Ik9Egd</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelCellsNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelCellsNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://t.co/M90isz3MVK">pic.twitter.com/M90isz3MVK</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1335148656467484674?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Is there "dignity in work" if the work is made-up work and useless?
People shld fight for UBI rather than being paid to dig holes and fill
them back up again.

---

Yea go over there stay out of our shite thank you

"@NikkeiAsia

INDO-PACIFIC | THE BRITISH ARE COMING U.K.'s Royal Navy is said to be
planning a rare excursion to the Western Pacific in early 2021"

---

"@mahmouedgamal44

Egypt & Greece to sign a joint defense agreement soon As according to
Greek sources, the two countries are discussing formalization their
military cooperation through signing a defense agreement similar to
the one recently signed between Greece & UAE"

---

And the charge cycle... How many times can the said "efficient"
charge/recharge be done? 1000 times? Then what? "Recycle the battery",
having to deal with all that frickin acid..? No thank you.

---

We cant ship batteries easily, their energy density is too low. Energy
needs to be shipped to it. Its misinformed proponents are all about
"the grid" for this reason. But the grid is inefficient itself, so
even combined with "efficient" monkey, the whole system is as good as
fossil.

"We'll update the grid", then we have another problem which is not
enough lithium to go around. Existing reserves can only cover 10% of
today's storage needs, 1% projected. That is one rare monkey.

---

It is too specialized, for one. Widely used systems need to be build
around agile, common components. Batteries are like that circus monkey
performing that one trick very well, but we need a Swiss army knife
not a circus monkey. The animal cld be fine, rare, handles one case
superbly. But how about many other tasks?

"Batteries can store and allow energy retrieval efficiently. What is wrong with that?"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">46 days until 46.</p>&mdash; Biden-Harris Presidential Transition (@Transition46) <a href="https://twitter.com/Transition46/status/1335255724277067783?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 5, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Daam..same here. How will it look i wonder. 

"@wnglucroft

For more than 11 years I have only ever known the stretch right
through the middle of Berlin to be a tangled mess of construction. As
of yesterday, waiting for Berlinâ€™s Godot is finally over"

---

<center>
<img width="140" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETZJzIkXgAAEi9Q?format=jpg&name=small"/>
</center>

---
