# Tweets - Week 17c

"@WarWithTheDinos

Weâ€™re thrilled to announce our film, AT WAR WITH THE DINOSAURS, is
available for pre-order today"

[Link](http://apple.co/2wYetqH)

10:22:36*

---

"Why didn't we see the ills of globalization before?". It started as a
way to spread US hegemony, to strengthen China against Russia, and
then it fed on itself - ppl, orgs formed around it who benefited from
this preferential system. After a while ppl forgot how it started. Who
would research its basis? People like Thomas Friedman are too fucking
stupid to question those assumptions. This is the guy who will write
the narrative for you after it happened, within the existing
reality. He doesnt have the necessary constitution to dig any
deeper. Same for most of the Washington think-tank crowd. The ones who
could, had the skills somehow stayed out, I guess also bcz of inertia.

*2020-4-23 10:11:6*

---

More from the same tweetstorm: "Trevor Hastie, Steve Goodman,
@robtibshirani and I have been asking for more information about their
analysis and their data".

Dude frickin Tibshirani, Hastie, top statistics gurus had to get involved.

<img width="240" src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/l49JVpIbwls7ihKxi/giphy.gif"/>

*2020-4-22 22:21:1*

---

And there was a whole uproar on that Santa Clara County [report](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.04.14.20062463v1.full.pdf). 

Their results were questionable, and here's [a
passage](https://mobile.twitter.com/wfithian/status/1252692357788479488)
from a commenter that is really maddening,

>[@wfithian] I am alarmed at their sloppy behavior. The confidence
>interval calculation in their preprint made demonstrable math errors,
>\*not\* just questionable methodological choices...
>
>I can't redo the whole calculation myself because parts were not
>described anywhere, but I have low confidence that those parts were
>done correctly; if not, the corrected confidence interval for
>prevalence in Santa Clara County might well stretch all the way to
>include zero.
>
>The authors said by email that they used a built-in Stata function and
>aren't sure themselves how the software used the input weights. I
>suspect they misapplied that function"

Mot..f..ka; used "a built-in Stata function"? What is this, the dark
ages? The software used is shit (and closed-source), duplication is
shit. And they dont even have their code available which uses the
closed-source shit.

What is going on here is serious mentality and toolkit fail. Akin to
still using Cobol in that gov office to process unemployment claims,
and a prevalent lack of slickness in using modern tools.

*2020-4-22 22:21:1*

---

He doesn't report his model success, the $R^2$. He did not share code
nor data. "Made av on request" is a punt. Either you have files
available or not. Nowadays everyone in this space has data / code on
Github.

"[Reportedly according to his stats model] There is no empirical
evidence for these lockdowns" - Wilford Riley

*2020-4-22 21:59:3*

---

Yes. We need less connectivity. Respect sparsity, locality.

"@JennyBryan

It feels like Microsoft, Google, and Apple are all trying to create a
world where people have no freaking clue where their files are saved
and I think this is a Really. Terrible. Idea.

This is the root cause of our kids' greatest agony re: online learning
right now"

*2020-4-22 21:52:33*

---

"@MikeGrunwald

Democrats cave: Nothing for states or cities, nothing for election
protection or the post office, no oversight, no limits on fossil fuel
bailouts, no food stamps. They got some testing - somehow thatâ€™s a GOP
concession!"

*2020-4-22 21:27:34*

---

Mmmmmmm escalope of veal

*2020-4-22 17:51:24*

---

That sign in the background. Wow - Nashville, Tennesee

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EWMV42RUYAUnRxJ?format=jpg&name=medium"/>

*2020-4-22 17:24:10*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">For profit hospital chain HCA spent billions on stock buybacks, paid its CEO over $108 million in 2018 alone, pours ungodly amounts of money smearing Bernieâ€™s health plan and working to defeat Coloradoâ€™s ambitious public option, now gets enormous bailout <a href="https://t.co/5hO7UP5V3K">https://t.co/5hO7UP5V3K</a></p>&mdash; Lee Fang (@lhfang) <a href="https://twitter.com/lhfang/status/1252689526159335424?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-22 17:0:29*

---

Governor Fredo's brother... I guess the "illness" did not help
ratings, so "he got better". Understood.

"Chris Cuomo returns from his basement quarantine"

*2020-4-22 16:55:9*

---

Here is mine

NANO

NANO

NANO

NANO

NANO

NANO

NANO

NANO

*2020-4-22 14:43:41*

---

That's one idea certainly... 

"@People4Bernie

POSTAL BANKING

POSTAL BANKING

POSTAL BANKING

POSTAL BANKING

POSTAL BANKING

POSTAL BANKING

POSTAL BANKING"

*2020-4-22 14:43:22*

---

Nice derivation of Gini calculation. 

[PDF](http://archives.math.utk.edu/ICTCM/VOL08/C030/paper.pdf)

*2020-4-22 13:45:8*

---

Fully stocked. 

*2020-4-22 13:43:17*

---

Just realized that Pikkety book came out in '13, around peak year of
US inequality.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/05/stats.html#gini)

*2020-4-22 13:25:46*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Please welcome the newest <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> joint venture between Volvo &amp; Daimler worth $1.3 billion that will see the commercialization of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> powered trucks and buses throughout this decade. <br><br>The aim is to commercialize in the 2nd half of this decade. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a><a href="https://t.co/Xujoob9wDa">https://t.co/Xujoob9wDa</a> <a href="https://t.co/kAzK1tTUYZ">pic.twitter.com/kAzK1tTUYZ</a></p>&mdash; H2 &amp; Fuel Cell NewsðŸŒŽ (@H2NewsGlobal) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2NewsGlobal/status/1252607718927544320?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-22 11:36:23*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Skai company announced that they are developing the first hydrogen powered air taxi! BMW design team assisted the project. <br>Their prototype is called eVTOL. It&#39;s claimed that the flight range is exceeding 400 miles!<br>Photo credit: <a href="https://twitter.com/SkaiGlobal?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@SkaiGlobal</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/economy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#economy</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/SKAI?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#SKAI</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/eVTOL?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#eVTOL</a> <a href="https://t.co/vSPixqxEju">pic.twitter.com/vSPixqxEju</a></p>&mdash; H2 Economy (@EconomyH2) <a href="https://twitter.com/EconomyH2/status/1252867318029287424?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-22 11:20:33*

---

Haha.. a tweet says UK PM BJ is "hors de combat".

*2020-4-22 8:40:26*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Also, it&#39;s infuriating that Congress refuses to do the right and necessary thing: Members of Congress should not be allowed to own shares in individual companies. Period. End of story.</p>&mdash; Binyamin Appelbaum (@BCAppelbaum) <a href="https://twitter.com/BCAppelbaum/status/1252783760724066304?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 22, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-22 8:34:18*

---

Jobs, sure, are in AU.. But that u save everything on sight.

*2020-4-22 7:46:0*

---

Really? I just heard something on the radio on this the other
day. Singapore, UAE, China are all stakeholders in VA. Web says main
owners are Nanshan Group, HNA Group, Singapore Airlines and Etihad
Airways. Branson remains as a 10% shareholder.

So then AU gov is naturally like 'there are some stakeholders here
with deep pockets - why is it up to us to save them?'. Cant say I
disagree.

This is another downside to globalized markets - when shit hits the
fan for comps, which country do you go to? Where do you really belong? 

"Richard Branson throws shade at Australian government for refusing bailout"

*2020-4-22 7:44:50*

---

298K in 4 days. Colors started getting lighter in some areas, few
regions in Europe, CH and surrounding area, Australia.

[Link](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2020/02/corona.html)

---

No 1918 flu was not "Kansan" - there is nothing conclusive about that
claim. U r slippin ma' man..

*2020-4-22 6:40:1*

---

"Coronavirus deaths greater where Fox News viewers watched 'Hannity'
more than Tucker Carlson, study"

[Link](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/coronavirus-deaths-greater-where-fox-news-viewers-watched-hannity-more-than-tucker-carlson-study-says/ar-BB12WTTv)

*2020-4-22 6:31:12*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The <a href="https://twitter.com/VolvoGroup?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@VolvoGroup</a> will acquire 50% in the joint venture for the sum of approx. EUR 0.6 BILLION. Common goal is for both companies to offer heavy-duty vehicles with <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> for demanding long-haul applications in series production-<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogennow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogennow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> <a href="https://t.co/qBNT9LPRle">https://t.co/qBNT9LPRle</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1252632429522833410?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-21 21:10:25*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The price of <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> per kg is key when looking at widespread deployment of the clean fuel. But what is the right price?<br><br>$0.10 per kg is what <a href="https://twitter.com/Proton_Canada?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Proton_Canada</a> is trying to achieve. Find out more about the company&#39;s mission in this <a href="https://twitter.com/h2_view?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@h2_view</a> exclusive... <a href="https://t.co/xvhHsZQFTr">https://t.co/xvhHsZQFTr</a></p>&mdash; Molly Burgess (@molly_burgess97) <a href="https://twitter.com/molly_burgess97/status/1252604652249628672?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2020-4-21 19:52:19*

---

"@Jkylebass

What happens if June WTI crude trades below zero all at once with
storage full?Could Wall St firms that carry positions for US listed
oil ETFs be on the hook for billions in losses after retail investors
lose everything? Looks like Amaranth happening all over again to
retail ETFs'

*2020-4-21 17:59:53*

---


