# Tweets - Week 26d



"@kenklippenstein

Thinking about how the Congressional Black Caucus endorsed Engel"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">No itâ€™s not. <br><br>Sincerely, <br><br>A Black Karen. <a href="https://t.co/8fCIwPuKgL">https://t.co/8fCIwPuKgL</a></p>&mdash; Karen Attiah (@KarenAttiah) <a href="https://twitter.com/KarenAttiah/status/1275641290013773824?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 24, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

@PpollingNumbers

\#NY16 Dem Primary Results (91.5% In)

Bowman 60.9%

Engel (-Inc) 35.6%

---

"The End of the Girlboss Is Here . The girlboss didnâ€™t change the
system; she thrived within it. Now that system is cracking, and so is
this icon of millennial hustle. ..  The rise and fall of the girlboss
is about how comfortable weâ€™ve become mixing capitalism with social
justice. We looked to corporations to implement social changes because
we lost faith in our public institutions to do so"

[Link](https://gen.medium.com/the-end-of-the-girlboss-is-nigh-4591dec34ed8)

---

Coaxial propeller design, very cool; maximum lift for given blade
size, power.

Quadcopters are for amateurs.

Get to the dualchoppa!

Not to the quadchoppa!

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">When our <a href="https://twitter.com/NASAPersevere?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@NASAPersevere</a> rover lands on Mars next year, it will be carrying a passenger: the Ingenuity Mars Helicopter, which will attempt the first powered flight on another world. See how the rover will deploy the experimental craft onto the surface: <a href="https://t.co/kJgWmIlpDY">https://t.co/kJgWmIlpDY</a> <a href="https://t.co/RSEnVHwyvn">pic.twitter.com/RSEnVHwyvn</a></p>&mdash; NASA Mars (@NASAMars) <a href="https://twitter.com/NASAMars/status/1275541499149602817?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Woha. And you know that the ban will stick, wont be negotiated away
through some tariffs

"@deniswirtz

Europe bans American travelers, starting July 1"

---

"[TR oppo party] CHP leader urges release of Selahattin DemirtaÅŸ
following court rulings"

[Link](https://www.duvarenglish.com/politics/2020/06/23/chp-leader-urges-release-of-selahattin-demirtas-following-court-rulings)

---

Collected excerpts from  Gen Spaldings's book *Stealth War*

[Link](../../2020/07/china-stealth-war-spalding.md)

---

Well shit. You are playing hardball arent you NYT?

"Slate Star Codex

NYT Is Threatening My Safety By Revealing My Real Name, So I Am
Deleting The Blog"

[Link](https://slatestarcodex.com/2020/06/22/nyt-is-threatening-my-safety-by-revealing-my-real-name-so-i-am-deleting-the-blog/)

---

"@EFF

There is no good reason why California isn't ending the digital divide
by building out affordable fiber to everyone. If we don't end the
digital divide, we perpetuate the inequalities it has created

All Californians should have access to high-speed broadband. Do you
agree? Then write your lawmakers and urge them to support S.B. 1130."

---

"@NOWPayments_io

Congrats to @PayPal and @venmo on rolling out #crypto buying and
selling. The next step definitely is the crypto processing
service. But there's a hint: save time and money and integrate
NOWPayments"

---

There is a lot of discontent in US, that can stick on the centrists
who are the incumbent group within the party. Campaign well these ppl
can be beaten.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Giving money to people who desperately need it is good policy. Who could have possibly known? <a href="https://t.co/B3e0pk1agg">https://t.co/B3e0pk1agg</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1275426194561748992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">McPhy Selected to Equip the Largest Zero-Emission <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> Mobility Deployment Project in France and one of the Most Ambitious in Europe: <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ZeroEmission?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ZeroEmission</a> Valley--<a href="https://twitter.com/McPhyEnergy?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@McPhyEnergy</a> selected to supply 14 hydrogen stations-<a href="https://t.co/W3BEbuzwdb">https://t.co/W3BEbuzwdb</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleanenergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleanenergy</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/h2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#h2</a> <a href="https://t.co/gh2wx0XPFA">pic.twitter.com/gh2wx0XPFA</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1273650589109493766?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

I hate to say it, the man was a hero, but Ike, having seen war up
close, might have leaned little too heavy on spycraft during his
Presidency. The Mosdaddeq thing one example... He also went for
"pactomania" which is fine.. But the spycraft would have countries,
esp developing world always looking over their shoulders. Not good.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Great <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/EUSEW2020?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#EUSEW2020</a> session on <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytransition?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytransition</a> towards a <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/climateneutralEU?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#climateneutralEU</a>ðŸ‡ªðŸ‡º<br><br>Thank you <a href="https://twitter.com/IEABirol?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@IEABirol</a> for a forward-looking discussion! <br><br>We will release our first ever Clean Energy Transition - Technologies and Innovations Report with the State of the Energy Union report this Autumn. <a href="https://t.co/gqYGEdx5u3">pic.twitter.com/gqYGEdx5u3</a></p>&mdash; Kadri Simson (@KadriSimson) <a href="https://twitter.com/KadriSimson/status/1275406209428881408?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 23, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

More info on O'Neil stations

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/BeyondNerva/status/1274534553219141634)

---

"@solarrsystem

So today we're talking about O'Neill Cylinders! Space settlements have
always been something straight out of sci-fi, but cool to talk about
nonetheless"

[Link](https://twitter.com/solarrsystem/status/1275214154090123266)

---

Subject to appropriations.. how fast is that happening

"The US Department of Energy (DOE) has announced its intention to
invest up to $100m over five years in two new DOE National
Laboratory-led consortia to advance hydrogen and fuel cell
technologies.

Announced yesterday, the funding will be used for research and
development (R&D) activities and is subject to appropriations"

---

[Answer](../../2020/07/ancient.md)

"But country XYZ is ancient, it has a grand history"

---

Purely text based blogging (markdown) and my editor extension for
running code in docs (markdown or TeX) were two of the simplest things
I've ever coded. But they changed everything, within context of my work.

---

