# Tweets - Week 25f

"@erichter531

I think it's important for non-aerospace people to know that vibe
(vibration) analysis is a real term in the aerospace industry. You
think we're doing rocket science, but really we're just vibe checking
things all day long"

---

"@therriaultphd

Anyone know what happened with that @CDCgov Chief Data Officer job?
Put my name in for it a couple months ago, but never heard
anything. Hopefully they got somebody better for it? ... (and I really
don't mean "better" in any kind of sarcastic way - I just know that
the set of people qualified for that job is pretty limited, and I'm
legitimately hoping they found someone with subject matter expertise
who also knows how to manage a data program of that scale)"

---

Yeah spin that shit Botcha

"Amy Klobuchar says Joe Biden's running mate should be a woman of
color as she withdraws from the VP race"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">If you’re pissed off about wearing a mask, wait till you hear about seatbelts!</p>&mdash; Ron Perlman (@perlmutations) <a href="https://twitter.com/perlmutations/status/1273761927420710912?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Citing yourself fourteen times in the first sentence of your paper is the kind of energy I want to bring to the rest of my academic career <a href="https://t.co/SsdCoQoMIX">pic.twitter.com/SsdCoQoMIX</a></p>&mdash; David Madras (@david_madras) <a href="https://twitter.com/david_madras/status/1273616668401577986?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---


Some famous ppl got whiter in hair under lockdown and I was like that
mofo-ka *aged* from the fear son.. Then I thought nah he just didnt
get his hairdresser visit for his routine hair coloring.

---

"@SpencrGreenberg

Fewer know that a product of effects gives a log-normal (with far
greater outliers)

Life achievement is more like a product than a sum"

---

Exactly

"@SpencrGreenberg

A sum of independent random effects produces a normal
distribution. This may explain the distribution of heights (added
effects of many genes)"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We are proud of our first fuel cell truck in Europe, the Energon. It is the first of others in a future growing hydrogen product range and has a range of about 700 km. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/green?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#green</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fcell</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energy</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/h2now?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#h2now</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/climatechange?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#climatechange</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/source?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#source</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/emissionfree?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#emissionfree</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/economy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#economy</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/globalwarming?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#globalwarming</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/h2news?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#h2news</a> <a href="https://t.co/t69I1c5dbI">pic.twitter.com/t69I1c5dbI</a></p>&mdash; Quantron AG - eMobility | eEngineering | eBattery (@AgQuantron) <a href="https://twitter.com/AgQuantron/status/1273231258290720768?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 17, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

And this is Gaetz as Robin in an his early career with the nipple-suit Batman

<img width="340" src="https://i0.wp.com/www.thestopbutton.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Batman-Robin-1997-tt0118688.jpg?fit=672%2C228&ssl=1"/>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">For all those wondering, this is my son Nestor. <a href="https://t.co/8R7Hv7fi14">pic.twitter.com/8R7Hv7fi14</a></p>&mdash; Spencer Ackerman (@attackerman) <a href="https://twitter.com/attackerman/status/1273697799956238336?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Hand-craft shit mathematically; so much more fun (plus higher chance
of success)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">With all due respect, this conclusion is absolutely preposterous. It comes from asking the wrong question. It is irrelevant to ask &quot;Can we learn X?&quot;. The answer is always YES.The important question is &quot;How much data we need? And What kind of data (observational, interventional)?&quot; <a href="https://t.co/AxpMTL1Gm5">https://t.co/AxpMTL1Gm5</a></p>&mdash; Danilo J. Rezende (@DaniloJRezende) <a href="https://twitter.com/DaniloJRezende/status/1273680831555555330?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 18, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Norway’s Largest Grocery Wholesaler Gives Hydrogen a Spin"

[Link](https://www.cummins.com/news/2020/04/29/norways-largest-grocery-wholesaler-gives-hydrogen-spin)

---

"@aaronstein1

[USG doesnt] have a policy beyond making life hard for Bashar and hope
he implodes"

---

"@AlainGoriely

Probably not a popular opinion, but I have no problem with zillions of
scientists working and publishing on COVID-19 even if they are new to
the field. We are not in the business of telling who can or cannot
work in a particular area or shame people for doing it"

---

"[Nikola Motor](https://nikolamotor.com/) to open pre-orders for fuel
cell pickup truck"

<img width="340" src="https://techcrunch.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/nikola_badger4.jpg?w=990&crop=1"/>

---

