# Tweets - Week 24d


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Dear everyone who is uncomfortable right now: thatâ€™s the point.</p>&mdash; Sam Sanders (@samsanders) <a href="https://twitter.com/samsanders/status/1270417225028009984?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The UK&#39;s progress on green energy is mindblowing - from total dependency on coal 8 years ago, to now going many months without using any at all <a href="https://t.co/QcxAaaF0vQ">pic.twitter.com/QcxAaaF0vQ</a></p>&mdash; John Cope (@john_cope) <a href="https://twitter.com/john_cope/status/1270399620737359872?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Walls.. they keep coming up dont they? 

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Sea walls are not a climate solution.</p>&mdash; Edgar McGregorðŸŒŽðŸŒ´ (@edgarrmcgregor) <a href="https://twitter.com/edgarrmcgregor/status/1270400505794027520?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@tressiemcphd

The publishing industry is now about to give exactly two black people
a ridiculous advance to shut y'all up and it will be like Ben Carson
Jr and Condoleezza's creative niece"

---

How do you create a peer-to-peer Twitter? Or Facebook?

All u need is your own node. A company or gov can provide that.

User logs into his own node. Installs and runs apps on that
node. Those nodes communicate with other nodes to do their work. The
end.

A twitter app would simply publish ur latest tweets (via JSON, on your
own server), expose this info through an outside-callable
interface. The nodes of the "followers" will hit these APIs once in a
while to collect and present them in their app when the "follower
user" logs in to his node. Caching mechanisms, async messaging can be
easily implemented to speed this up.

This Open Twitter, Open Facebook can be open source based, u download
social net code from Github, to your node, and run it. But most users
wont deal with that, they will simply get their apps preinstalled on
the node, or choose apps through a simple Web interface (which in the
background would know which code to get from Github).

Censoring open, peer-to-peer apps will be harder. There is no single
company to intimidate.

---

"@gsiskind

Given rumors Iâ€™m hearing from pretty good sources, if youâ€™re on an
H-1B, J-1 or L-1 visa and are outside the US, you should try and
reenter the US quickly"

---

"The city, home to a population about 17% of Minneapolis' size,
dissolved its police department in 2012 and replaced it with an
entirely new one after corruption rendered the existing agency
unfixable.

Before its police reforms, Camden wasÂ routinely named one of the most
violent citiesÂ in the US.

Now, seven years after the old department was booted, the city's crime
has dropped by close to half"

[Link](https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/06/09/us/disband-police-camden-new-jersey-trnd/index.html)

---

Hoover... he was a body remover.

---

RATM was a great choice for [this movie](https://youtu.be/aTL4qIIxg8A).
The song playing a minute in is theirs.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The people angrily denouncing Rage Against the Machine for Tom Morello&#39;s leftist politics is one of the more hilarious things I have ever seen on the internet. WHAT MACHINE DID YOU THINK THEY HAVE BEEN RAGING AGAINST FOR DECADES? THE ICE CREAM MACHINE? THE ATM? LAWNMOWERS?</p>&mdash; Elisabeth Ryan JD MPH (@EJAllstonEsq) <a href="https://twitter.com/EJAllstonEsq/status/1270506460133363715?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 10, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Cutting police budgets may sound wonderful, but how will we pay for it?</p>&mdash; Savvy &amp; Realistic Democrat (@RealisticDemoc1) <a href="https://twitter.com/RealisticDemoc1/status/1268543647550750721?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 4, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Details on Germany&#39;s National Hydrogen Strategy <a href="https://t.co/BaNDCXvGQe">https://t.co/BaNDCXvGQe</a> Global policy shifts for fuel cells, <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/powertogas?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#powertogas</a>, H2 is the biggest cleantech story of 2020. Impossible to ignore the momentum (some will). Only took 20 yrs to get here from .com era hype <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/energytwitter?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#energytwitter</a></p>&mdash; Garry Golden (@garrygolden) <a href="https://twitter.com/garrygolden/status/1270389407900729344?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@jacobinmag

Republicans are simply outraged at calls to defund the police. But for
years, they've had no problem defunding the agencies tasked with
enforcing laws against the world's most hardened, powerful criminals:
corporations"

---


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">this fella didn&#39;t support weed legalization until late 2018 explicitly because he didn&#39;t want to take away a common pretext police use to search people&#39;s cars <a href="https://t.co/wyYVJnOrcx">https://t.co/wyYVJnOrcx</a></p>&mdash; Natalie Shure (@nataliesurely) <a href="https://twitter.com/nataliesurely/status/1270331449170964485?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@ggreenwald

CNN in the US constantly and flamboyantly postures as an anti-fascist
network while making huge money selling its brand and logo to places
like Turkey and Brazil to spread authoritarianism and fascism there"

---

Sirota: "Republicans Defunded The Police We Need "

[Link](https://sirota.substack.com/p/republicans-defunded-the-police-we)

---

*Space Force* the TV show, thumbs down. What a waste of talent.

---

F..ing Rahm

---

ðŸ˜†ðŸ˜†ðŸ˜†

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr">LOL <a href="https://t.co/jVUCFfxO6j">https://t.co/jVUCFfxO6j</a></p>&mdash; David Sirota (@davidsirota) <a href="https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/1270201036595007488?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 9, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

I dont think Ive ever coded a Hello World with a new prog language

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="de" dir="ltr">Darth Vader was a Jedi. <a href="https://t.co/E0yJeaFK5W">https://t.co/E0yJeaFK5W</a></p>&mdash; Adam Rothman (@arothmanhistory) <a href="https://twitter.com/arothmanhistory/status/1269973752139440134?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 8, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Swedish power-to-fuel company Liquid Wind has successfully raised
over SEK 2.7m (â‚¬258,000) through crowdfunding to support the
development of carbon neutral fuel facilities and accelerate the
transition from fossil fuels"

[Link](https://www.h2-view.com/story/liquid-wind-raises-sek-2m/)

---

