# The Power of Nations

Michael Beckley

China’s misery did not end with the Opium Wars. In the latter half of
the nineteenth century, Japan became determined not to suffer the same
fate as China, so it revamped its government, economy, and military
and began seizing territory and resources in East Asia. When China
tried to stand in the way of Japan’s imperialist plans, Japan went on
a rampage and quickly defeated China militarily in 1894 and forced it
to sign the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ceded the Liaodong Peninsula,
Formosa, and the Pescadores to Japan. China also was forced to
recognize Korea’s independence—which effectively meant that Korea
would become a vassal of Japan, no longer of China—and to give Japan
commercial rights in China and a massive indemnity.7

After pocketing these gains, Japan annexed Korea in 1910, and when
World War I broke out in 1914, Japan entered the war on the Allies’
side and seized the German-controlled city of Qingdao on China’s
Shandong Peninsula.75 Japan then presented China with the infamous
“Twenty-One Demands,” which basically called for China to become a
Japanese ward.76 The United States forced Japan to abandon its most
punishing demands, but Japan still extracted substantial territorial
and economic concessions from China.

A little more than a decade later, Japan expanded its presence in
northeast China, establishing a colony there called Manchukuo in 1932,
and bringing the Chinese provinces of Jehol and Hebei under Japanese
control in 1933.77 In 1934, the Japanese government declared that East
Asia was Japan’s sphere of inºuence and warned other great powers not
to defend China. Then in 1937, Japan launched a full-scale invasion.78
By the time World War II began in Europe in 1939, Japan controlled
most of eastern China plus Taiwan and its outlying islands. Japanese
expansion stopped only when it ran afoul of the United States, which
decisively defeated Japan in 1945.

