# Unrivaled

Michael Beckley

<a name='chru'/>

Russia - China

Russia and China currently maintain a “strategic partnership,” but
this relationship is unlikely to become a genuine alliance, because
the two countries share a 2,600-mile border and a desire to dominate
Eurasia—a goal that one side can accomplish only by subjugating the
other. Perhaps a shared hatred of the United States will bring Russia
and China together, but history suggests otherwise. At the start of
the Cold War, China initially aligned with the Soviet Union, but by
the 1960s the two Communist powers were literally at war with each
other, and in the 1970s China officially switched sides and aligned
with the United States.

Today, many Russian and Chinese strategists warn their respective
governments not to place too much faith in a sustainable partnership.
Foreign analysts come to similar conclusions. As one study explains:
“[Sino-Russian] cooperation is limited to areas where their interests
already overlap, like bolstering trade. In the parts of the world that
matter most to them, Russia and China are more rivals than allies.”

For every example of Sino-Russian cooperation, there is a
counterexample of competition. For instance, Russia sells weapons to
China, but it recently reduced sales to China while increasing sales
to China’s rivals, most notably India and Vietnam. Russia and China
conduct joint military exercises, but they also train with each
other’s enemies and conduct unilateral exercises simulating a
Sino-Russian war. The two countries share an interest in developing
Central Asia, but Russia wants to tether the region to Moscow via the
Eurasian Economic Union whereas China wants to reconstitute the Silk
Road and link China to the Middle East and Europe while bypassing
Russia. Collectively, these conflicting interests have placed Russia
and China “on a trajectory toward intensifying competition from latent
to emergent rivalry.”

<a name='chnk'/>

North Korea - China

North Korea is a formal ally of China, but China stations three Group
Armies (roughly 150,000 troops) and a border defense brigade near
their 880-mile shared border. 136 China maintains twenty-four-hour
video and aerial drone surveillance of the border, has built bunkers
there to protect Chinese forces against nuclear and chemical blasts,
and has surged additional units to the border on several recent
occasions, including in 2010 when North Korea shelled South Korea’s
Yeonpyeong Island; in 2013 after the purge of Jang Song Thaek, a
high-ranking North Korean official and uncle of North Korea’s leader
Kim Jong Un; in August 2015 after an out- break of hostilities between
North and South Korea in the Korean demilitarized zone; and in 2017
when North Korea and the United States threatened each other with
nuclear annihilation.