# Living in a Factory

Factories are things people usually see once or twice in their
lifetimes. Politicians might frequent them more, maybe to greet
workers, maybe for an opening of one or two. People might see one in a
documentary, television show, or a movie. Or not. Which I think, makes
my experience truly unique -- I lived inside a factory for many years.

When I mean "inside", I mean in a housing complex on the factory
grounds that were set aside for that purpose. But for all intents and
purposes, we were living in that thing; my childhood was spent going
back and forth, inside and around the plant, running around machines,
watching workers, seeing the whole system work.

When we were young, the plant was a big playground for us. Our fathers
(and only fathers) were managers, so we could usually ask for little
favors from the workers. You need a toy gun with a certain design? You
go to "the carpenter" and bring a sketch with you. Within minutes,
you'd have your new toy gun. Bicycle fixes, weird electrical gismos,
locks, ropes, chains, plastic of all kinds? No problem. All there in
the factory.

The grounds weren't covered entirely with machines either, the land
around the complex was vast, since the production had an agricultural
component, there were green fields which were essentially part of the
complex. It was big. And at our age, it seemed even bigger. We did not
know it at the time, but being part of this gave us an intensely
different experience. We learned the rhytms of production, how workers
quitely came in went, punched in their cards, ate, and left. How they
spoke to eachother, their moods, their frame of mind. We saw the order
of it all, and back then, thought it natural.

We saw endless stream of consultants, from various countries bringing
their new machines, installing them, maintaining them and interacting
with our fathers. I met a Japanese person at such early age I dont
even remember how old I was. My father had to travel around the world
too of course, and always came back with different gizmoz. When I had
my first computer -a Sinclair ZX- it had Japanese letters on it. More
on that later. Italians, French, Germans were always around too.

I came to know the manager class intimately, even more so then the
workers. We lived in the same neighborhood after all. You could see
how integrational decisions were made, how information flowed, how
control was exercised. My father was responsible for production (he
became the 'top dog' in my teens), away from "the corporation", so he
was away from much office politics, but there was enough of it
around. I did not have any name for these back then obviously, I just
subconciously recorded the whole shabang.

And here is the kicker. When computers were brought in for accounting,
logistical record keeping, I was right there from day one. I asked my
father to let me work, so I started helping out. I met a programmer
for the first time, he used to code in COBOL. We stared at green
screens and wrote some code. He used to smoke and shake his head to
the rhytms of the printer as if it was music. He was little odd, but
not by much. The next programmer I met, a woman, was almost half-mad
in comparison. She used to flip the bird to offending drivers, and
code in C. She gave me a book on C. I learned C. Some of my friends
(children of other managers) worked in the factory in various posts
during their summer breaks, even as regular workers. I did that too
for a while, but not as long as my days spent at accounting. That
seemed to have a different hold on me.

This is why when many years later when I read The Third Wave, I
immediately recognized the correctness of its essence. I had already
made the transition between two waves, from factory to knowledge work
(I worked in IT consulting for many years, and now research in applied
math and technology), and the differences, once put in the correct
theory, were blatantly obvious. The fact that I intimately knew the
political views of the managerial class also helped immensely, as well
as being from a country (Turkey) that lived a compressed form of
industrial transformation of which, our factory could be seen a
microcosm of. Details as well as tangential issues rang perfectly
true: When T. called classical music as "industrial", I could recount
many cases when a native politician talked about the music as a sign
of modernity and progress, and unlike most, having seen a factory
floor up and close I saw the parallels down to the central coordinator
at the top. I had instinctively hated the music without knowing why,
and later ended up listening to rock and jazz, eventually playing both
in various bands.

How people organize, do work, manage, in both sides of the two waves
were truly different; I lived through countless methods, projects
trying to replicate "old style" management in software and failing,
and finally leading projects using agile methods and succeeding.

I saw how technology was applied for production, and how it was
closed. Later I ended up working with open technology and saw it
producing amazing results, leaps and bounds beyond what can be done
using closed styles. Earlier days in my career, I used to look for
standards (as well as everyone else), now IT sector thrives on
de-facto standards. In the plant, it was all about standards.

I wrestled with many of these issues, in life, culture, work, without
knowing why -- when I was in shorts. Now I still do, but I have better
names for them.

Thanks to my years spent in a factory.

