# The Internet of Money

http://startupboy.com/2013/11/07/bitcoin-the-internet-of-money/

Bitcoin will eventually be recognized as a platform for building new
financial services.

Most people are only familiar with (b)itcoin the electronic currency,
 but more important is (B)itcoin, with a capital B, the underlying
 protocol, which encapsulates and distributes the functions of
 contract law.  Bitcoin encapsulates four fundamental technologies:

Digital Signatures – these can’t be forged and allow one party to
securely verify a transaction with another.  Peer-to-Peer networks,
like BitTorrent or TCP/IP – difficult to take down and no central
trust required.  Proof-of-Work prevents users from spending the same
money twice, without needing a central authority to distinguish valid
from invalid transactions.  Bitcoin creates an incentive for miners,
who run powerful computers in the network, to validate transactions
and to secure them from future tampering. The miners are paid by
“discovering” new coins, and anyone with computational resources can
anonymously and democratically become a miner.  Distributed Ledger –
Bitcoin puts a history of each and every transaction into every
wallet. This “block chain” means that anyone can validate that a given
transaction was performed.

Thanks to these technical underpinnings, bitcoins are scarce (Central
 Banks can’t inflate them away), durable (they don’t degrade),
 portable (can be carried and transmitted electronically or as numbers
 in your head), divisible (into trillionths), verifiable (through
 everyone’s block chain), easy to store (paper or electronic),
 fungible (each bitcoin is equal), difficult to counterfeit
 (cryptographically impossible), and can achieve widespread use – many
 of the technologists that brought us advances on the Internet are now
 working overtime to improve Bitcoin.

Proponents of the role of government argue that a currency with fixed
 supply will fail. They posit that inflation is required to keep
 people spending and that prices and wages are still as sticky as they
 were decades ago. They overlook that the world functioned on fixed
 money supplies until 40 years ago (the gold standard), and that
 bitcoin can gather many uses and value long before it has to become
 the main currency in which all prices are denominated. Another fear
 is that a central actor could take over the Bitcoin computing network
 – but the combined Bitcoin distributed supercomputer runs at the
 equivalent of 2,250 PetaFLOPS, 90x the rate of the fastest
 supercomputer (note – in Nov, it’s now 48,000 PetaFLOPS!), and
 consumes an infinitesimal fraction of the resources used by a bloated
 banking system. Many label it as a speculative pyramid scheme –
 without realizing that all government-printed money is such  [hah!].
 To the extent anyone holds cash over other assets, they are
 speculating that other assets will decline in relative
 value. Concerns abound over the security of the encryption scheme,
 the speed of transactions, the size of the block chain, the
 irreversibility of the transactions, and the potential for hacking
 and theft. All are fixable through third-party services and protocol
 upgrades. It’s better to think about Bitcoin the protocol as Bitcoin
 1.0, destined to evolve just as HTTP 1.0 evolved beyond of simple
 text and image-only web-browsers.

So why not just
 use Pounds or Dollars? One can use bitcoins as high-powered money with 
distinct advantages. Bitcoins, like cash, are irrevocable. Merchants 
don’t have to worry about shipping a good, only to have a customer void 
the credit card transaction and charge-back the sale. Bitcoins are easy 
to send – instead of filling forms with your address, credit card 
number, and verification information, you just send money to a 
destination address. Each such address is uniquely generated for that 
single transaction, and therefore easily verifiable. Bitcoins can be 
stored as a compact number, traded by mere voice, printed on paper, or 
sent electronically. They can be stored as a passphrase that exists only
 in your head! There is no threat of money printing by a bankrupt 
government to dilute your savings. Transactions are pseudonymous – the 
wallets do not, by default have names attached to them, although 
transaction chains are easy to trace. It has near-zero transaction costs
 – you can use it for micropayments, and it costs the same to send 0.1 
bitcoins or 10,000 bitcoins. Finally, it is global – so a Nigerian 
citizen can use it to safely transact with a US company, no credit or 
trust required.

Even more importantly, Bitcoin the protocol will enable financial
services transactions that are not possible today or require expensive
and powerful third-parties.

Bitcoin has a scripting language which enables more than a “send money
from X to Y” transaction. A Bitcoin transaction can require M of N
parties to approve a transaction. Imagine Wills that automatically
unlock when most of the heirs agree that their parent has passed, no
lawyer required. Or business accounts that require two of any three
trusted signatures to approve an expenditure. Or wire escrows that go
through when any arbiter agrees that the supplier sent the goods to
the buyer. Or wallets that are socially secured by your friends and
family. Or an allowance account accessible by the child and either of
two parents. Or a crowdfunding of a Kickstarter project that pays out
on milestones, based on the majority of the backers approving the next
payment. The escrow in each case can be locked so that the arbiters
can’t take the money themselves – only approve or deny the
transaction.

The scripting language can also unlock transactions based on other
parameters. Unlocking them over time can enable automatic mortgage,
trust, and allowance payouts.  Unlocking them on guessable numbers
creates a lottery auditable by third parties. One can even design
smart property – for example, a car’s electronic key so that when and
only when a payment is made by the car buyer to the seller, the
seller’s car key stops working and the buyer’s car key (or mobile
phone) starts the car. Imagine your self-driving car negotiating
traffic, paying fractional bitcoin to neighboring cars in exchange for
priority.

Everyone has a copy of the Bitcoin block chain, so anyone can verify
your transactions. You can write software that will crawl the block
chain and generate automatic accounting histories for tax and
verification purposes. You can engaged in “Trusted Timestamping” –
take a cryptographic signature of any document, timestamp it, and put
it into the block chain. Anyone can verify that the document existed
at a given time. If you sign the document with your private key and
another party signs it with theirs, it becomes an undeniable
mutually-signed contract. This entirely eliminates notaries and
websites like proofofexistence.com are showing the concept. The
Namecoin project is building a distributed Domain Name System that
allocates and resolve Domain Names without needing ICANN or Verisign,
by using the block chain to establish proof-of-ownership. Similarly,
look for entrepreneurs to apply this authoritative proof-of-ownership
to built P2P Stock and Bond Exchanges – at least one Bitcoin site,
“Satoshi Dice,” has sold shares and issues dividends without using a
stock exchange. The ownership and dividends are easily verifiable by
anyone who wants to look inside the block chain. Predictious.com is
combining the transaction scripting and the verifiability to create a
prediction market in which you cannot be cheated and third-party
arbiters can allocate the winnings.

Bitcoin’s “send-only” and irreversible nature makes it much less
 vulnerable to theft. Today, anyone with your Credit Card or E-Checque
 (ACH) information can pull money from your account. This creates
 chargebacks, expensive dispute resolution and merchants
 double-checking your identity. Bitcoin is send only. Anyone who has
 received bitcoins from you can’t request or pull more money from your
 account.

Most importantly, Bitcoin offers an open API to create secure,
scriptable e-cash transactions. Just as the web democratized
publishing and development, Bitcoin can democratize building new
financial services.  Contracts can be entered into, verified, and
enforced completely electronically, using any third-party that you
care to trust, or by the code itself. For free, within minutes,
without possibility of forgery or revocation. Any competent programmer
has an API to cash, payments, escrow, wills, notaries, lotteries,
dividends, micropayments, subscriptions, crowdfunding, and more. While
the traditional banks and credit card companies lock down access to
their payments infrastructure to a handful of trusted parties, Bitcoin
is open to all.

Silicon Valley knows a platform when it sees it, and is aflame with
Bitcoin.  Teams of brilliant young programmers, entranced by the
opportunity, are working on Exchanges (Payward, Buttercoin, Vaurum),
Futures Markets (ICBIT), Hardware Wallets (BitCoinCard, Trezor, etc),
Payment Processors (bitpay.com), Banks, Escrow companies, Vaults,
Mobile Wallets, Remittance Networks (bitinstant.com), Local Trading
networks (localbitcoins.com), and more.

Looming over them is how governments view Bitcoin and the entrenched
financial powers it threatens. The last few decades have seen a move
towards a cashless society, where every transaction is tracked,
reported, and controlled.  Bitcoin takes powers from the central
actors and returns it to merchants and consumers, savers and
borrowers. Bitcoin brings back some pseudonymity in the transactions,
and can be irrevocably traded like cash. And finally, it points a way
towards a single currency – it is a bug, not a feature, that we have
multiple global currencies with exchangers and transaction fees in
between.

Governments have been cracking down on the bitcoin exchanges, making
it harder to obtain and slowing its development. Strict and expensive
Money Transmitter regulations, designed to slow terrorist and child
porn financing, threaten the next great technological revolution –
never mind that terrorists can use cash just fine, the means of terror
are cheap, and that they account for an infinitesimal fraction of
global commerce. The development and innovation in Bitcoin has already
begun the move to friendlier jurisdictions, where its innovation can
continue un-impeded.  Regulators in the US and UK would be wise to
proceed with a light touch, lest they push the development of Bitcoin
and its entrepreneurs to places like Canada, Finland, and the
Sino-sphere. The United States has benefited enormously from being
home to the majority of global companies driving the Internet
revolution. The country that is the home to the Internet of Money
could one day end up as the guardian of the new Reserve Currency and
the Global Money Supply.







at

January 18, 2014















