# Q&A - 20/5
What cybercurrencies other than Monero, BTC, Ethereum are hot?

I hear good things about EOS

The creator is the same coder who designed Steemit. EOS is supposed to be much faster than Bitcoin and Ethereum, its largely focused on smart contracts and it makes them extremely fast.

Question

Why are even some non-mainstream economists against cybercurrencies?

Bypasses government

With the current fiat system banks create money, money=debt, this is the monetary base. Centralized money creation would not be possible with cyber$, so left could not guide the creation of credit for more public spending. Bummer.

Older libertarian econs dont like it because cyber$ competes with their precious gold. But there is nothing special about gold, similar dynamics that made gold what it is, can easily make something else that.  My take on this is at the very least cybercurrency is a portable, digital gold which can keep its value. 7 grams of 22 carat gold still buys you ~400 liters of cheap wine and this did not change in the last 2000 years. Woha! Cyber$ as a store of value could be like that. The next best thing - cyber$ stores value, and eases transactions, a glue between fiat, but fiat still remains. The best, best thing is we have decentralized digital money, with smart apps, contracts, something can allocate some money for social needs, creates little inflation, with an expanding monetary base  + anonymity, etc.

Note: Werner supports something called EquaCoin.

Comment

United States never defaulted on its debt obligations

Wrong

From New Paradigm in Macroeconomics: "Excess credit creation in the US would also be reflected in increased foreign investment. [I]n the 1960s the US dollar was effectively the world’s currency, and thus additional creation of dollars could be expected to be diffused around the world, without any adjustment in exchange rates – until the world rebels [US was basically printing excessive dollars and "buying up Europe", the French caught on]. When France decided to convert US dollars into gold at the official fixed price, as the Bretton Woods system formally provided for [calling US's bluff], the US had to make the decision whether to make good on its promise to redeem the excessively created dollars into gold, or whether it should break its promise – and with it bring down the Bretton Woods System of fixed exchange rates. France proceeded to demand conversion of dollars into gold, in an episode later called the ‘French raid on Fort Knox’. The US leadership decided to break its promise. It ‘closed the gold window’".

That is a default on debt. Money in this old system is an IOU for gold, French wanted their gold for their IOU but did not get it.

You could argue of course then US switched to petrodollar system and those dollars become even more valueable but still.. A default is a default.

Question

Laurel or Yanni

He or She

[On the voice recording who some people hear as Laurel some as Yanni]. Apparently gender is a major factor on what people hear. Dude here did the science (as much as he could based on Twitter surveys),  women are 55%/45% Yanni, men 60%/40% Laurel. Using actual counts, and Fisher's exact test

fm = np.array([[65.0,80.0],[142.0,96.0]])
uo35 = np.array([[60.0,56.0],[21.0,22.0]])
import scipy.stats as stats
print (stats.fisher_exact(fm))
print (stats.fisher_exact(uo35))

(0.54929577464788737, 0.0059272092668501948)
(1.1224489795918366, 0.85850083655070586)

So the differences are significant for gender, but not for age.

Question

I hear about Web 3.0 all the time

Yes

That thing can hit like a freight train, all of a sudden and without warning. Watch out.







at

May 21, 2018















