# Q&A - 21/5

We download two time series, one for short-term rates, the other
growth, then there is a test (Granger causality test) that can tell if
one depends on the other. The result is clear, interest rate rise or
fall follows economic growth or decline. Rates do not cause
anything. This paper also checked long-term rates against growth,
again no cigar. Also, the correlation (of causation) is positive not
negative, so rising rates follow rising econ and vica versa.

Question

But economists talk about rate changes all the time

They are blowing smoke up your ass

Or they are plain misinformed. Greenspan is of the former category -
this guy is the master illusionist. From Princes of the Yen: "No one
disputes the power of the Fed to move markets and the economy. Yet
this power is used without many actual democratic checks and
balances. [..] Nobody monitors and imposes limits on the amount of
credit the Fed is creating. Thus Greenspan, through his interest rate
policies, has publicly given the impression that he wanted to slow the
economy most of the time from the mid-1990s onward, such as with his
famous 1996 speech on "irrational exuberance." The fact is, however,
that he has continued to increase the credit creation of the Fed
during this time. [.. T]he Bank of Japan in the 1990s [..] publicly
wanted to demonstrate that it was doing all it could to reflate the
economy by lowering interest rates, the truth of its policy intentions
was revealed by its quantitative policy: It failed to reflate for most
of the 1990s [because it decreased credit]. Likewise, Greenspan has
expressed surprise at the strength of the U.S. economy. But whenever
he raised rates, he accelerated his printing of money. The Fed has
moved the economy through its quantity policies while focusing its
public statements strictly on interest rates in the same way as Japan"

Japanese central bank used the interest rate illusion for decades to
hide its intent on forcing "structural changes".  ECB used a variation
of this game to create artificial crisis' in EU periphery in order to
force "more union" later.

It seems there is a sock puppet show for politicians, who are mostly
unknowing buffoons, even some "insiders", and another one, the real
one, based on credit guidance. The real show guides the economy.

Comment

It is also a relevant subject of future research to investigate how
central banks have exerted influence over the research conducted by
academics. For instance, the Swedish central bank established a
pseudo-‘Nobel Prize’ by awarding substantial sums of money to selected
economists – none of them supporters of the credit creation theory of
banking – and calling this prize the ‘Riksbank [Swedish central bank]
prize in economic sciences in honour of Alfred Nobel’. The fact that
journalists would abbreviate this as a ‘Nobel Prize’ in their
reporting of the award could neither have been a surprise nor
unwelcome to the Swedish central bank, which lobbied for the
involvement of the Nobel Foundation in the award of this
prize. Through the award of this central bank prize, a particular
branch of economics, usually based on the deductive methodology,
received a significant boost internationally.

Daaaaam

Oh no you didn't








