# Q&A - 27/5

Bernard Lewis, a towering but controversial historian of Islam and the
Middle East, died this week aged 101. Opinion will divide about the
legacy of a learned and charming man who shamed many fellow academics
with the grace and wit of his phrasemaking in more than two dozen
books — was he principally a scholar or a propagandist. He left an
indelible mark, over a long career in which he rarely seemed to change
his mind or modulate his pithy opinions on what made his chosen region
tick.

He risks being remembered most for the 2003 Iraq war, by when he had
become celebrity in-house historian to George W Bush’s US
administration and ideological guru to the architects of the
invasion. It was said in Washington at the time that Lewis had more
influence on any administration than any academic since John F
Kennedy’s era. Just as the “best and brightest” of JFK’s horn-rimmed
Harvard types paved America’s path into the swamp of Vietnam, Lewis
(from Princeton) furnished a veneer of respectability to a
catastrophic venture. [..]His ascent as a public intellectual dated
from his friendship, starting in the 1970s, with Senator Henry “Scoop”
Jackson, founding father of what would later be called
neoconservatism.

Lewis’s early renown was as a scholar of the Ottoman Empire, his
intellectual passion. [..] Writing about the failure of pan-Arabism,
he was dismissive of the way European imperialism aborted the
constitutional evolution of Arab politics. He did not highlight how
the Ottomans [..] enforced a ban on the Arabic printing press from the
15th to the 19th centuries to culturally stifle and subjugate their
Arab territories.

It is often said that Lewis’s view of the Arabs came about because
after the creation of the state of Israel in 1948 it became difficult
for him, as a Jew, to research in Arab countries. Yet his famous The
Arabs in History, which appeared first in 1950, is already disdainful
of Arab achievement after the golden age. The same man who knew how
Europe relied on Arabic medical textbooks well into the Renaissance,
wrote that “the camel is the supreme technological innovation of the
Middle East”. [..]

By the time of the 9/11 terror attacks in the US, Lewis was better
known for polemic and pamphleteering, piling up inferences instead of
deploying evidence, clearing a path to the self-righteous Bush
administration mantra: “they hate us for our freedoms”.

Let's not forget..

He was also an avid denier of the "alleged" Armenian genocide, which
made him a favorite in TR. And by TR I mean the the establishment
kind. An all-around dumb-ass. But all kinds of thought matters, I
remember reading a few books by him. RIP.

Question

I need more info on Gore Associates.

Sure

I added some more info to the existing article.

Some personal note: my college buddy's father worked at DuPont for
many years (and Bill Gore came from there), so I asked him about the
company. He said "everybody is an associate" with a bemused expression
in his face, I'll never forget. He didn't say "bunch of commies in
there", he could have, bcz he'd said similar things before, with his
Bush I accent, or Dana Carvey's
[impression](https://youtu.be/yD8lIGqmHpE?t=108) of him which were
hilarious, but anyway, GA is known to many at DuPont.

The commie thing would be overblown in some ways, Bill G did not care
too much about unions for example, every GA employee owned a piece of
the company, he did not think there was a need for them (but he did
not stop ppl from joining either, in true GA style).

From a different angle, the nomadic forager / farmer-villager, left /
right, flat / hierarchical division applies here. Nonlinear knowledge
work is pushing us more towards our true genetic heritage (a few
thousand years -farming- means nothing), so I can see a tilt more
towards GA style workplaces. I am sure there'll be people who want to
work in a village-like happy-go-around nuthouse-like weirdo shit-show
producing familial sheep-fucking hierarchies, but evolution will
probably take care of them, and a new culture will emerge.

George Soros

(From The Alchemy of Finance) Exchange rates are determined by the demand and supply of currencies. For present purposes, we can group the various factors that constitute demand and supply under three headings: trade, non-speculative capital transactions, and speculative capital transactions. This gives us the simplest model of a freely floating exchange rate system ΔT + ΔN + ΔS -> Δe.

In other words, the sum of the currency transactions under the three headings determines the direction of the exchange rate.

We shall focus on speculative capital transactions because that is where the participants' bias finds expression. Speculative capital moves in search of the highest total return. Total return has three elements: the interest rate differential, the exchange rate differential, and the capital appreciation in local currency. Since the third element varies from case to case we can propose the following general rule: speculative capital is attracted by rising exchange rates and rising interest rates. Δ (e + i) -> ΔS

Of the two, exchange rates are by far the more important. It does not take much of a decline in the currency to render the total return negative. By the same token, when an appreciating currency also offers an interest rate advantage, the total return exceeds anything that a holder of financial assets could expect in the normal course of events.

That is not to say to say interest rate differentials are unimportant;
but much of their importance lies in their effect on exchange rates
and that depends on the participants' perceptions. There are times
when relative interest rates seem to be a major influence; at other
times they are totally disregarded. For instance, from 1982 to 1986
capital was attracted to the currency with the highest interest rate,
namely, the dollar, but in the late 1970s Switzerland could not arrest
the influx of capital even by imposing negative interest
rates. Moreover, perceptions about the importance of interest rates
are often wrong. For instance, until November 1984 the strength of the
dollar was widely attributed to high interest rates in the United
States. When interest rates declined without the dollar weakening this
view was discredited and the dollar went through the roof.

Yes

I was able to replicate some of this for Japan / US; both relations he
talks about exist in data, and interest rate (differentials) are not
as important. Again I was not able to find Granger-causal relationship
from interest rates to exchange rates while the opposite relation
exists. Interest rates, in most cases, are at most a stop-gap measure,
not something that can affect the fundamentals it seems. We saw the
example of this in Turkland - the prime minister declared a
budget-busting, deficit-ridden spending package which would be
inflationary, debasing the currency and reducing the value of the
lira, when the currency dropped, they run around like mental patients,
pressuring the CB for this and that.

[Data 1](jpy.csv), [Data 2](jpypos.csv), [Code](werner.html)

Richard Werner says he can predict interest rates based on credit
creation differentials between two countries (see Princes of the
Yen). The formula of the index which captures liquidity however is not
shared, he is tight-lipped about it -I bugged him enough over
email-. He uses this index and the differential for trading. 

Question

How can you get data on speculative, non-spec currency trades? 

CFTC

The Commodity Futures Trading Commission for currency futures data
contains a field where a trader indicates whether they are
"commercial" or "non-commercial". The latter is assumed to be
speculative trader, and this number, its ratio to the overall can be
used as a stand-in for the overall speculation. I learned about the
trick from an ac. paper. See notes in the code markdown.

Question

An election is coming up in TR, how is the mood?

Falling Lira

Lotsa complaints. Tiggers be bitchin.. Bcz of past inflation homeboy gets into debt in $$, when lira falls, he is in for bad times. A world of hurt. This is on top of companies in $$ debt, a couple went through debt restructuing already.









at

May 27, 2018















