# Q&A - 30/5

Can exchange rates be predicted based on the base money formula?

Yes

Werner recommends the use of credit differentials, and when I asked
him about the details, he mentioned specifically central bank credit
(rather than commercial bank credit which would remain local). But IMO
there is a simpler way: in the MV=PY, P is price level,  and exchange
rate between two countries is literally the ratio of two countries'
price levels. Haircut in Japan costs 20 yen, in US 10 dollars, image
only one product exchange rate would have been 2 yens per us dollar. P
represents an average of all price levels, so it captures all prices.

Then model country 1 and 2 (us,jp) with the previous formula,
rearrange to get the desired ratio, P2/P1 ,  V's are dropped because
velocity is constant, then taking M,Y commercial bank credit, real
gdp, take logs, you can run a regression, time shifting right-hand
side for desired future. ([data](exch.csv), [code](werner.md)). The
fit is good, R^2 over 30%.

So even ignoring non-GDP credit growth, inflation inducing credit (money) growth that exceeds GDP potential will effect the exchange rate. In Turkland due to electoral fears excessive money-printing and consumer credit caused 10% inflation. That would naturally effect the exchange rate which took quite a beating recently.

Question

How do we grow an economy?

GDP, Credit

Better education, healthier citizens, or the kind of stuff that
Hidalgo recommends raise GDP potential. Then you provide the necessary
credit so that GDP potential can be actualized. Any less you get
deflation, any more you get inflation. Aiming for 2% and seeing it
happen is actually great, bcz then policymakers know the credit is
just right, inflation is also spurring people to spend.

Question

How was the mood in New York right after 9/11?

Okay

I was in NYC during the whole thing BTW - very uneventful for
me. Afterwards, also fine. A year later I went to Comedy Cellar, guy
was trying out new material - he had one joke on Bin Laden. He had Bin
Laden and Bill Clinton smoking hookah - Clinton takes a drag, then
says "Bin Laden? What kind of name is that? How about Been Lovin? How
about Been Fuckin?". It was a big joke. He did the whole accent and
everything, well by this time even I could do it... So the mood was
fine.












