# Q&A - 6/5

What is sales all about? How do you become better at it?

Easy

Sales is about creating contrasts, and simple messages. "I'm a uniter,
not a divider", "I am an outsider not an insider", "I am a lover not a
fighter"... These words are meaningless, but they work. This is how
sausage is made. The first two are from Dubya BTW the master at this
shite. See how he creates contrasts, "not this, but that". Simple
messages are needed so ppl remember what you are about.. In the
information age paradoxically ppl will know less about stuff, they are
being bombarded from all directions, you need to be repetitive to get
through. They'll see you on the Web, TV maybe 9,10 times, twice they
hear the same message, they'll know "okay this guy is about -blah-. "A
uniter not a divider. I get it!".

Second rule of politics: people are better at judging the person than
the issues. By hearing the same message they make the judgement that
"the politician is consistent" or even "decisive".

Why are contrasts important for sales? For people to buy something,
they need to know they will be better off from their current
situation. How better? That's the contrast. This pen (I am selling) is
much better than your old pen - so buy!

Question

I need a written, preferably succinct explanation on Werner. Where can I find it?

Here

Books: Princes of the Yen, New Paradigm in Macroeconomics.

This presentation has some good info too.

https://www.postkeynesian.net/downloads/Werner/RW301012PPT.pdf

NYT

Milwaukee minorities didn’t vote Hillary & don’t regret it

It's Obama's Fault

Exactly as Time for Change model predicted; the incumbent President's popularity directly effects the party's winning probability (duh). And here is a great Obama impression.

Question

But... what if someone ideologically different was nominated from the (unpopular) President's party?

That kind of nomination almost never happens

That's probably what the TfC model catches too, and why it works. The nominee, if it is a different person than the Prez himself, is the ideological continuation of the incumbent (that creates the signal in the data that the model catches) which makes sense. Actually in Bam's case the effect is in the other direction in a way, he was a Clinton disciple, but same difference (the fact that he beat Hillary for 2008 nomination created the illusion that Bam was somehow independent from the Clinton era, but this is false).

Question

But Democrats are different.. they are for all kinds of good stuff..

Really?

Most of the true changes, they don't talk about. Some of the stuff they do talk about, they have no legitimacy on, like gerrymandering / redistricting. Like, Obama redistricted.. yeahh... brother drew them lines too... Mmmmm Hmmmm ... yes he diid. From New Yorker:

Like every other Democratic legislator who entered the inner sanctum, Obama began working on his “ideal map.” Corrigan remembers two things about the district that he and Obama drew. First, it retained Obama’s Hyde Park base—he had managed to beat Rush in Hyde Park—then swooped upward along the lakefront and toward downtown. By the end of the final redistricting process, his new district bore little resemblance to his old one. Rather than jutting far to the west, like a long thin dagger, into a swath of poor black neighborhoods of bungalow homes, Obama’s map now shot north, encompassing about half of the Loop, whose southern portion was beginning to be transformed by developers like Tony Rezko, and stretched far up Michigan Avenue and into the Gold Coast, covering much of the city’s economic heart, its main retail thoroughfares, and its finest museums, parks, skyscrapers, and lakefront apartment buildings. African-Americans still were a majority, and the map contained some of the poorest sections of Chicago, but Obama’s new district was wealthier, whiter, more Jewish, less blue-collar, and better educated. It also included one of the highest concentrations of Republicans in Chicago. 

“It was a radical change,” Corrigan said. The new district was a natural fit for the candidate that Obama was in the process of becoming. “He saw that when we were doing fund-raisers in the Rush campaign his appeal to, quite frankly, young white professionals was dramatic.”

Notice the "professionals" aspect. This is the top 20% who don't have a clue about what's going on in the rest of the country, shunned by Trump, heavily courted by the Dems.

Question

How about that Michelle Wolf comedy?

She was great

I loved her style, half-whiny, little ditzy, naggy but beautifully
funny.. with some sharp material.

Note: da much-awaited Dennis Miller smackdown..

https://twitter.com/DennisDMZ/status/990505203043463168

https://youtu.be/ZfYGELMm97o?t=373













