# France - China - US

Friedman, *America's Secret War*

Donald Rumsfeld had said, just before September 11, that the
United States was going to reorient its entire defense policy to focus
on Asia—which meant to counter the growth of Chinese power.  This was
the last thing China needed.

In that sense, September 11 was a welcome relief for China, since it
diverted American attention and relieved pressure on China. At the
same time, China had a serious Islamist problem of its own. Xinjiang
province was predominantly Muslim, and a significant rebellion was
under way there, which included bombings around China.  China wanted
to weaken the Islamists but didn't want to see Americans dominating
its western frontiers or increasing its power dramatically. As much as
it welcomed the relief following September 11, it understood that
U.S. victory in the war on Al Qaeda would leave China extremely
vulnerable to U.S. power.

The French position was the most interesting.  Ever since Charles de
Gaulle, France had been deeply concerned about its declining position
in the world. France saw the rise of American power, particularly
after the end of the Cold War, as a threat to its national interest—in
particular, to its critical economic and strategic interests in the
Middle East. France had absolutely no desire to see an increase in
American power. It had a national strategy of blocking the rise of
American power in any way possible.

France also understood that it was in no position to resist that
increase in power. The only realistic possibility for resisting and
shaping it was to create a coalition that shared French interests.  De
Gaulle had always been cautious about a united Europe, fearing that it
would submerge France in a multilingual, multicultural empire. The
problem that de Gaulle had was that France alone could not solve the
problem. Following de Gaulle, France became committed to a united
Europe as a means of achieving its goal.  French strategy was twofold:
Europe would counterbalance the United States.  And France, in
collaboration with a psychologically subordinate Germany, would
control Europe.

France saw the U.S. intention to invade Iraq as both a threat and a
golden opportunity. The threat was that France would be further
marginalized in the region and become even less significant globally.
The opportunity was that the threat would allow France to galvanize
Europe into changing from an economic unit into a more unified
political unit with a foreign policy defined by France. French
president Jacques Chirac understood that there was deep, incipient
antiAmerican feeling in Europe. The United States was a powerful,
ascendant, self-confident nation.  Europe was neither a nation nor
self-confident.  There was tension on every level. France viewed the
proposed invasion of Iraq as an opportunity to pursue its own agenda
of building Europe into a force equal to the United States.

The U.S. expected France to play its traditional game with American
military adventures, which was to balk and criticize, and then
ultimately go along. The entire point of the WMD rationale was to put
France in a position where it could not reasonably object to the
undertaking.  The CIA routinely shared intelligence with French
intelligence, and they knew that the French evaluation of Iraqi
capabilities were the same as the American. The United States expected
the French to agree to the American 100plan or have to explain to the
United States (and the world) why France regarded Iraqi WMD as
tolerable.

This was the point where things began to go awry for the Bush
administration.  The United States miscalculated two things.  First,
it miscalculated the extent to which France feared the rise of
American power, and the extent to which it feared that the American
response to September 11 was already threatening French and European
interests. Second, the United States did not see that the French
regarded the American action as the perfect opportunity to galvanize
Europe. Instead, the U.S. thought the French were up to their old
games. The administration did not recognize that France was playing a
new game [..]

The French knew perfectly well that the United States was going to
invade. French intelligence in Washington was accurately reporting the
mood of the administration, while French military intelligence could
clearly see the beginnings of the military buildup that would lead to
the invasion. They knew a decision had been made and that the invasion
would take place regardless of UN mandate.  Finally, they knew that
the Americans believed that they would get UN approval.  The Americans
believed they could make deals with Russia and China involving other
issues of greater interest to them.  The French also knew that the
Americans mistakenly believed that the French would ultimately agree,
or at worst abstain. This allowed the French to lay a trap for the
Americans—although they ultimately trapped themselves as well [..]

Between November 8 and January 6, the French worked to create an
antiwar coalition in Europe. They had an ally in Germany, which for
reasons of internal politics as well as a shared interest in a greater
Europe was opposed to an American war in Iraq. The United Kingdom, of
course, was allied with the United States. British reasoning on the
war was complex, but it ultimately boiled down to this: Historically,
Britain tried to maintain a balance of power.  The stronger the pull
of Europe, the more the British sought the American counterweight. The
British wanted to manage their relations with both sides in such a way
that they could avoid being overwhelmed by either. Working with the
United States on security matters while cooperating with Europe on
most economic matters was a rational policy. As a result, a struggle
was under way for the soul of Europe, with the UK on one side, but
less than aggressive in making the case to Europe, and France and
Germany on the other, with Russia, generally aligned with France and
Germany [..]

In tandem with the Germans, France turned up the pressure to create a
European consensus. With the two major powers united, and public
opinion aggressively antiwar, the French plan seemed
irresistible. Pressure built toward a unified statement throughout
January 2003, as the American buildup surged and the sense of
impending war intensified. Oil prices had risen dramatically, and
economists were claiming that the war would result in economic
calamity.  The United States appeared to have played directly into the
hands of the French on January 22, when Donald Rumsfeld made a speech
in which he referred to France and Germany as “the Old Europe.” What
he appeared to be saying was that France and Germany represented moral
decay and weakness.  It was, in particular, a dig at the French,
reminding them of their failure in World War II and before.

Rumsfeld's speech appeared to be a massive blunder, typical of
Rumsfeld, in which his intemperate comments would simply further
enrage European politicians and public opinion. In fact, it was
carefully considered and intended to take advantage of a process that
U.S.  diplomats and intelligence had been noting carefully, but had
been overlooked by the media: the growing concern in Europe about a
Franco-German axis, allied with Russia, dominating European foreign
policy.  What Chirac and German Chancellor Schroeder had failed to
realize was that their vision of a Europe united under the guidance of
Berlin and Paris, with the collaboration of Moscow, was the worst
conceivable outcome for many European countries, particularly in
Eastern Europe. Memories of German and Soviet occupation in these
regions were still fresh, and France was not remembered particularly
fondly either.  Between 1938 and 1989, Eastern Europe was dominated by
Berlin and Moscow, while Paris had failed to live up to its
commitments. In January 2003, most of Eastern Europe favored economic
relations with Europe but also desired security arrangements with the
United States.  The French plan, therefore, was not only unattractive,
it was a repulsive historical nightmare. This was the key point the
French and Germans had missed in their planning.

Rumsfeld and the administration realized that the French and Germans
were actually isolated. The “Old Europe” speech was intended to drive
a public wedge into European unity. To the extent that any speech
could succeed, it did. Several other major countries in Europe who had
dealt with France and Germany on economic matters were not eager to
expand relations into other areas.

On January 30, 2003, an extraordinary editorial appeared in The Wall
Street Journal. In it, eight European countries publicly broke with
the Franco-German bloc and endorsed the American position on Iraq.
They were: Spain, Portugal, Italy, the United Kingdom, Denmark,
Hungary, Poland, and the Czech Republic. This was a huge chunk of
Europe, and soon after, almost all of Eastern Europe had turned
against the French.  In the end, the only countries siding with
France, Germany, and Russia were Belgium, Sweden, Greece, and
Belarus. This was not an insignificant bloc—France, Germany, and
Russia were a large chunk of Europe—but it was a group of leaders
without followers. American diplomacy and geopolitical reality had
effectively split the European bloc down the middle.














