# Focus-Group Democracy

[Adam Tooze](https://youtu.be/cEfidHcITVE?t=748)

70s,80s,90s was a period of profound rise in inequality in US and UK,
but economic governance looked easy at those times, the reason in
large part was labor movements were gutted. The effect of this was to
destabilize and undercut US and EU fabric on which modern democracies
are based. We removed the [basis] of civil society. If anyone believes
focus-group democracy, the curse of our present, is not enough, that
leaders should do more than simply reflect the preferences of their
individual voters, it was social democratic politicians who always
believed in the educated function of democracy. Because you couldn't
take what ordinary people thought at its face value because it was
full of non-sense which they acquired through capitalist media
[..]. If anyone opposed fake news and insisted on fact based argument,
it was left historically that did that. And if we want to understand
this superstitiously irrational politics which flooded into the space
of democracy in the last decade or so, we need to reckon with effect
of that process through which the guts of democracy were torn out".

*---*

It can't be a coincidence that of the last 4 presidents, 3 were *I am
CRM* types who need to listen to others. Because the spirit of the
times, the *zeitgeist* is such that we live in this world of
unfiltered, prevalent, avalanche style communication, people who by
default shut it off do well, and when they allow it with reasonably
efficiency this is in their positive, so they perform a badly needed
filtering at the highest office. These people keep getting the top job
(the public must be sensing this subconciously).

But this is only a stop-gap measure. Sadly with institutional
filtering mechanisms gutted and burdened further due to corporate
interests, not only are policy makers in general flooded with input,
they also turn around to the public, perhaps exasperated by the
situation, and seemingly ask to do their job for them. After Obama
wins the election says "you are in charge" as if the people will
magically do the job for him.

Of course stirring excitement, and using that as leverage on lawmakers
can be useful, but that, again, takes leadership. The root of the
problem is a giant, gaping hole in the body politick that was removed,
creating the zombie state we are in today. 

Cross wave solution don't work; modern institutions are second wave;
concentrated, centralized, but now with the guts removed, some want to
add a "third wave paint" on it to make it shiny. Example: Obama
sitting in front of a chat room (they actually did this). This way
supposedly the President gets direct input from the public. But the
room is full of trolls, chaos, the receiving end is still the singular
executive - not a functioning solution. 

Until there is a complete new way of governance, I'd say remaining at
second wave for modern democracy might be better, with all the colors
in the political spectrum covered and represented fully.

