# Twin Deficits, GFC

[Tooze](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFuDbc3ZbJ4)

*Transcript taken from the video*

[Before 2008 crisis] Within the United States of course itself an
increasing anxiety and discontent begins to emerge in response to the
increasingly obvious fiasco of the policy in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and
what this does I would argue is to help to shape a macroeconomic
critique of the political economy, the geopolitics, the geoeconomics
of the Bush administration.

This [analysis] is very powerful it's very influential, and these are
people [Dems, Rubinites, Clinton pukes] are in fact predicting a
crisis, but they're projecting the wrong crisis.

But nevertheless the influence of this group, Democratic Party aligned
Clintonites Rubinites, to be more specific veterans largely of Robert
Rubin's Treasury in the 1990s, are extremely influential and their
vision of the mounting tensions within American society in the early
2000s. It centers on the twin deficits, which spills over into a
mounting trade deficit, they say, because aggregate demand is running
too hot, it rolls over into a trade deficit, the most important of
which of course is the deficit with China, the exacerbated
tension-ridden politics of US-China trade (not novel to the Trump
administration), goes back to the early 2000s.

This is the moment when it arises from the point of view of the
Democrats, they say "this is a function of the misguided do politics
of the Bush administration and its irresponsible fiscal policy"
etc. "all leads to this huge buildup of China's holdings of US
Treasuries". So you can see the kind of diagnosis here, this
underfunded war, this huge of money, may have been macro economically
appropriate in response to the shocks of the early 2000s, but he's
basically pushing America into an unsustainable dependence for funding
on its major future geopolitical antagonist China.

All of this is already apparent in the early 2000s and becomes the
object of a rather obsessive amour discourse [some Reps picked up on
this as well, and wrote books with words like "Chinamerica" in them).

[..] Larry Summers used the term the balance of terror at a talk in DC
at the Peterson Institute in 2003, the idea that the financial
relationship between the United States and China is in some sense
analogous to the mutually assured destruction kind of relationship of
the Cold War, with one element being America's dependence on China's
funding of its debt, and on the other hand China's dependence on
America's markets for its exports.

The question that arises out of this is the same question the
Democrats face today, "what on earth is going on inside the GOP?".
And the the the quote on which this centers is this infamous probably
apocryphal but nevertheless sort of telling quote from Dick Cheney,
which circulated around the mayor of Washington policy making circles
from 2003 onwards, in which Cheney is alleged to have said to the then
Treasury secretary Snow, "you know Paul, Reagan proved that deficits
don't matter, we won the midterm elections, this is our due"

In other words what the Democrats begin to realize they might be
facing is a political economy in which one side takes responsibility
for fixing the deficit, and the other side takes responsibility for
running it up. This hauntingly contemporary a diagnosis of the
situation is from Brad DeLong, a former member of the of the Clinton
Treasury in 2006, "Rubin and us moved heaven and earth to restore
fiscal balance the American government, but what we turned out to have
done was to enable George W Bush and right-wing class war, and his
push for greater after-tax, income equality". Then further on fiscal
responsibility "it takes two to tango" and for this tangoing, the GOP
doesn't want to dance, Democrats can't afford to take sole
responsibility.

And, this for me the absolutely killer line, "surplus creating fiscal
policies established by Robert Rubin and company would have been very
good for America had Clinton administration being followed by a normal
successor but what is the right fiscal policy for a future Democratic
administration to follow when there's no guarantee that any Republican
successor will ever be normal again".

That's 2006, so coming out of this situation of the early 2000s
directly tied up to the response of the Republican administration to
the crisis of 9/11, you get a diagnosis on the part of the Democrats
that's hauntingly reminiscent of our situation twelve years later. The
question of course for centrist Democrats is if this is the position,
how on earth do we discipline the left wing of the Democratic Party,
because why on earth should base play responsible fiscal ball when the
Republicans aren't. The risk here is containing a breakaway both on
the left of the Democratic Party, and the right of the Republicans.

The crisis scenario that that they see building up as a result of this
lopsided twisted political economy is the idea of a panic driven
collapse in the dollar. The idea is that at some point will reach what
Paul Krugman dubs the wily coyote moment people in international very
investors will realize that is nothing holding the dollar up except
their own buying of the dollar, and American assets at some point they
will realize this is an unsustainable situation, and then investors
sell off American bonds, so prices will fall, yields will shoot up,
the interest rate will surge, and at the same time the dollar will
plunge, it will be a catastrophe.[..] This is the scenario that
everyone in this kind of bubble of macroeconomic political
geopolitical diagnosis is anticipating in 2007. It's a very compelling
very dramatic scenario, I've spelled out the politics of it in part so
as to convey to you how compelling it is for people who come from a
particular political vantage point.

The only problem with it is, it's not what happened. It is absolutely
not what happened because the Chinese actually held steady, flip one
type of investment to another, and the dollar in fact increases in
value against foreign currencies over the course of the crisis
in 2008. It turns out what is going to blindside us in 2007-8 is not
this hyper politicized drama of public balance sheets, a government
debt of the interrelationship between China and the United
States. What's going to blindside us is simply the meltdown of
financial capitalism in its core between the United States and Europe,
precisely in the deep politicized realm of market transactions where
everything is really basically supposed to have been taken care of, by
means of derivatives those risks are going to be hedged away.

What doesn't do well is the global banking system, the banking system
centered on the United States and Europe which is melting down. And by
September 2008, ten years ago, Ben Bernanke, a sober academic if there
ever was one, is going to Congress as Fed chair and uttering these
immortal lines "if we don't do this, in other words tarp, we may have we
may not have an economy on Monday, we literally may face the extinction
of economic activity as we know it".

And furthermore, as an economic historian, Ben Bernanke announcing
that this is the worst financial crisis in global history including
the Great Depression, is worth lingering on that. What Ben Bernanke is
saying is fundamentally right, this was *the* worst crisis that
financial capitalism since its inception in the early modern period,
has ever faced. We didn't actually in the end suffer the meltdown, so
perhaps in terms of historical analogies, the best analogy is
something like the Cuban Missile Crisis, we saw the brink, we saw over
the brink, we saw how the end of the world would all fold, and then
pull back, but you're never really quite the same again having lived
through that kind of experience.

What was it that was melting down? What was melting down, and it's
important to be specific about this, it's not so much financial
financial markets per se but the actors in those markets, and
specifically the big banks, this cluster of banks on both sides of the
Atlantic which had grown up in the internationalized financial
markets, that are synonymous with the idea of the Eurodollar,
offshore, unregulated, private to private borrowing and lending,
outside the regulation of national governments, centered on the
relationship between Wall Street and the City of London since the
1950s. There are outliers in Paris in Frankfurt in Madrid. The numbers
are worth looking at to highlight another key point, which is, this is
certainly an American drama, but the balance sheets of the American
banks are by no means exceptional by global standards. And in relation
to the national economy that they sit in, in fact quite modest.

If you look at the European banks Barclays for instance, or BNP
Paribas, or HR HSBC, royal the Royal Bank of Scotland RBS, or UBS in
tiny Switzerland - these are much bigger entities in relation to their
their national economies. Why? Because these are global players
situated in modestly sized European states, as opposed to American
banks, which may have global activity, but whose the vast majority of
their work is done in the hinterland, the great hinterland of the US
economy. So this is a global story essentially involving this
transatlantic connection of very very large banks whose balance sheets
are profoundly into tangled with each other.

The main driver of this story are our fixed income markets.

In popular commentary on financial markets, there is a horribly
distorting, almost ideologically driven focus on stock markets. So
markets equities in companies, companies that make obvious sense to us
because we buy their products. [..] But in terms of the functioning of
global kind of financial markets, and financial and innovation, the
equity market is not where you start. They are lumpy, precisely for
the reason that they're good to talk about, they're really bad to do
financial engineering on, because they're all so different from each
other, whereas if what you want to do is financial engineering you
want them to be subject to statistical regularity, and for that you
need something far more uniform, something homogeneous, something that
you can actually do math on and fixed income securities are much
better for that kind of financial engineering.

So this is the backdrop against which the famous securitizations of
mortgages take place, because what that allows you to do is to suck a
whole new class of debt into this a model of financial innovation
centered on fixed income, not equities.

And this brings us back to 9/11 because by the late 1990s, all of the
pieces of the modern securitisation mechanism were in place, the
techniques developed by Fannie Mae and its assistant investment banks
in Wall Street from the 1970s onwards were were well tested, and tried
and ready to go. And what you need to make money in a market like this
is some kind of shock to allow difference of expectations to build up
so that you can trade on the difference between the two.

And that shock came in the early 2000s with a Greenspan's decision to
lower interest rates to very very low levels. The macroeconomic
consequence of that, given America's mortgage system, is you get a
huge churn of refinancing, households shift from higher interest to
lower interest mortgages, you shift purchasing power to people with a
higher propensity to consume, and the American economy lurches
forward, as houses at households unburden themselves some expensive
mortgages, and shift into lower-cost mortgages.

A vast amount of business was done at this time, [..]  as Greenspan's
interest rate cut in the wake of 9/11, and calm kicks in.

Within that huge amount that huge surge, the 2.5 trillion dollar hop
between 2000 and 2002, there is also a extremely telling shift in the
actors involved. In the first instance, when we're in the first phase
of refinancing, it's driven by the old faithfuls, the GSEs the
government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.

As these irregular mortgages being financed the lower rates by people
with standard conforming mortgages. But as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
exhausts their potential to do this, and then run into some very
serious regulatory trouble, because if you're doing this kind of
volume of business it's almost guaranteed that something's going to go
wrong, and things do go wrong, they are then subject to congressional
mandates to shrink their balance sheets, and into the space left by
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac surged the private mortgage providers who
focus, above all, on the lucrative subprime lending which generates
much bigger profits for the securitization chain.

These private providers will go bad, this is where the danger is in
the system. What Greenspan didn't understand, famously you know,
rather naively he said "I didn't really understand how greedy everyone
was", for a man of the financial markets there's a staggering
admission.  But if one were to put that more technically, what he
didn't and no one at the time understood was that a macroeconomic
policy of changing the interest rate could have structural effects in
changing the way in which the financial sector operated. And that's
what you see here. This is what we now call the realm of macro
prudential regulation; how does macro policy affect the way in which
the financial sector operates as an industry. We're super sensitive to
that now.

One of the things that's really telling about this is that this is not
an all-American story, this is the theme I'm harping on. [..] As the
market surges towards its peak, more and more of the subprime
privatization in the United States is being driven by non-american
actors, by Europeans by the final stages of the boom more than a third
of the most dangerous private securitization is ending up on the
balance sheets of European banks. Why? Because we're in a globalized
world we've been saying this for 30 or 40 years, it's driven by
private corporations doing their thing. We've been saying that too for
all this time - none of this should be a surprise, but did they really
do do it? Go hunting that yield anywhere they can get it, Deutsche
Bank establishes a pipeline that goes all the way from the
african-american deprived suburbs of Cleveland all the way up to its
central office in Frankfurt and Wall Street, and subprime
securitiesation becomes a huge part of its business model? Same for
UBS and many other key European actors too?

They're not just doing that just in the United States, European
finance is doing that everywhere, it's doing it on the other side of
the Atlantic, this is the boom in credit within the eurozone and if
you followed Eurozone politics, you'd imagine that this was the public
debt burden. Not true, private sector debt was bigger. It's a story
quite analogous to the United States, on a huge scale compared to
GDPs, but the Spanish and the Irish won out by an order of magnitude
larger, and more dangerous driven by the same actors operating on both
sides.

*---*

It's funny (on the deficits, and Reps); so a balanced budget for Reps
is not only good for keeping their own base in check, it is also good
for Democrats to check other Democrats, who would spend even more in
response to Reps overspending.

Republicans used to slam "tax-and-spend" Democrats. Now they sort of
turned into "spend-but-don't-tax" Republicans. Sad.

A balanced budget is preferable; Richard Werner
[proved](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2018/05/werner.html)
that gov deficit spending does in fact crowds out private investment,
thereby reducing growth. Spending does not drive an economy,
investment does. All forms of money giving, gov programs need to be
dressed in a form of social help, not "economic growth" which it does
not help directly. Not even UBI.

There is money for M4A. There is money for UBI
[link](trillion-dollar-theft.md). 1.8 trillion $'s is being
transferred to top %1, annually. This is theft, in broad
daylight. Maybe this fact alone, coupled with the absence of basic
healthcare will trigger a revolution one day (unless we die of climate
change first).


