# Q&A - 1/7

You say much of "Asimo [robot] is overly controlled. Humans and many
species in nature evolved to be underactuated, that is guiding their
system with minimal control". Does this relate to waves and life?

<span style="color:red">It does</span>

Both industrial age and agrarian age are examples are overly
controlled environments. Agg is a very hard business, everything needs
to be right in order for crops to grow. The land is controlled, with
clear borders around it, watered, fertilized at certain intervals. The
crops are genetically engineered to be a certain way, chosen after
years and years of "unnatural" selection.

In a factory, robot arms are overly controlled, every move is planned
for, and the driving control is in exact proportion to the outcome you
get (Asimo is the end result of robotic arm technology, something
Honda was already very good at). A clock the same way, the symbol of
the Second Wave.

But almost all interesting problems in robotics these days is
underactuated. Flying, swimming, walking all must be underactuated,
you need to rely on and predict the chaotic environment around you to
move around with reasonable energy. It's easy to make the Tesla car
with half a ton of battery that kill people left and right but quite
another to replicate human actions with minimal energy, and equal
success.

In most areas we are starting to deal with nonlinearity more and
more. Nonlinear environments are extremely hard to predict.

Question

So that means mystery, people running around in multiple universes,
electron going through multiple slits?

<span style="color:red">No that is "mystery for morons"</span>

That's confusing weirdo nonsense, the kind of drama you get in a Jar
Jar Abrahams show.

"A small change in initial condition causing wildly different outcomes
a few steps later" is non-linearity. This is fascinating enough; my
doppleganger with a goatee in a different universe wearing leather
pants with a butt cut-out is not. That is silly. It's like listening
to fusion jazz, is this fusion or *con*fusion? Sounds bunch of pots
and pans thrown down the stairs to me... Not exactly music - good jazz
can be fascinatingly complex, but still be music. Not fusion jazz.

Question

What is art?

<span style="color:red">Seth Godin is right</span>

"Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. Art is a personal
act of courage, something one human does that creates change in
another"

I add, art provides a peephole into another form of existence. It
takes someone away from their existing reality into that other one.

That other reality can border on the fantastic, but that's okay as
long as it is internally consistent. I see a cat, I see the same cat
again, they changed something in the Matrix. Internally consistent.

Tooze, Crashed

[After 2008 crisis and QE] Dollars were cheap for everyone. Any
investor who was willing to take a gamble on exchange rate movements
could borrow cheaply in dollars and invest in high-yielding emerging
markets. Assuming the dollar did not sharply appreciate before the
debt was due, it would be a profitable carry trade. By the middle of
2015, governments and businesses outside America would pile up $9.8
trillion of debts denominated in dollars. Much of this went to rich,
developed world economies. But $3.3 trillion was owed by ​emerging
market borrowers, both government and private. From the point of view
of the yield-chasing investor, the more exotic the securities the
better. (..) In May 2013 the boom reached its peak, with the $11
billion ten-year bond issued by Petrobas, Brazil’s state-owned oil
company. It was the largest bond issue ever by an emerging market
corporation. Demand was so great that the yield on the Petrobas issue
fell to as little as 4.35 percent, less than many sovereign
borrowers. (..)

This global interest in emerging market debt was exciting from the
point of view of the borrowers. But it also exposed them to serious
risks. Huge, aggressively managed funds crowded into tight markets. As
the IMF pointed out, given that the largest five hundred asset
management companies had more than $70 trillion in their portfolios, a
1 percent reallocation implied a flow in or out of an asset class of
$700 billion. This was enough either to swamp or to starve the
emerging markets. The withdrawal of funds that had caused such stress
in 2008 around the periphery of the world economy had amounted to only
$246 billion. The unprecedented inflow that transformed the outlook of
those same economies in 2012 was $368 billion.

<span style="color:red">Brrr</span>

Tooze

That the astonishing events in Congress in 2013 did not lead to an
immediate crisis in the bond market pointed to the resilience of the
US Treasurys as the global safe asset of choice. (..) Ultimately, the
market for IOUs drawn on the American taxpayer was underwritten by the
Fed. (..) America’s central bank left no doubt that it backed its
government’s debt. QE3 bond purchases provided immediate support,
keeping prices up and rates down. (..)

The real question was the likely fallout in the financial markets and
money markets when the Fed changed its stance. Any move to moderate
the Fed’s bond purchases, let alone to unwind its position, implied a
comprehensive adjustment in the willingness of the markets to absorb
not only a greater volume of bonds but also some of the maturity
mismatch that the Fed was carrying. And that would have to happen at
the same time as short-term interest rates were nudging up. If, on the
other hand, the Fed continued QE3, its balance sheet would further
inflate, bond prices would remain elevated, interest rates would
remain stuck near zero and imbalances would further accumulate. In
2008 the Fed had embarked on a vertiginous tightrope walk from which
there was no way back to the certainties of the great moderation. (..)

In 2008 the Fed had intervened to stop the market from imploding. It
had pumped trillions into the financial system. Now the markets hung
on its every word.

<span style="color:red">Yeah no shit</span>

Tooze

The swap lines that had been so crucial to stabilizing global
financial markets and which had been uncapped in October 2008 were now 
being established on a permanent basis. As in 2008, this network had
limits. None of the most fragile emerging markets were included in the
inner core of the Fed’s swap network. But they were not left out in
the cold either. What began to take shape were regional
subnetworks. These were uneven. There was nothing of note around the
core European central banks. But in Asia the central banks were more
active. In September 2013, as anxiety about the Fed’s tapering rose to
a crescendo, India negotiated an increase in its existing swap line
arrangement with Japan from $10 billion to $50 billion. In December
Japan doubled the swap line facilities it offered to Indonesia and the
Philippines and announced that it would be looking to negotiate
similar bargains with Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia. Japan’s
enormous reserve holdings of dollar assets, second only to those of
China’s, gave it the means to offer such facilities. And in the event
of a crisis, the Bank of Japan could always draw on the Fed. Thus
dollar liquidity would percolate out through the entire system.

As in 2008–2009, in 2013 the public bluster about the need for a new
monetary order and a “de-Americanized world” distracted from the
reality that a powerful new network of liquidity provision was being
rolled out across the world economy. The swap-lines story stayed
buried on the interior pages of the Financial Times and the Wall
Street Journal. There was no fanfare, no new Bretton Woods
Conference. There was also no congressional or parliamentary
approval. These were administrative measures. But they were also far
more than that. Five years on from the crisis, while markets remained
unsettled and the American political system was racked by dissension,
the global dollar system was being given a new and unprecedentedly
expansive foundation.

About the technical efficacy of the swap lines there was little
doubt. Their political legitimacy was a different matter. And in the
autumn of 2013 one couldn’t help thinking of another of America’s
technical systems of ​power that had been revealed earlier that year:
the NSA’s electronic surveillance network. The network that Edward
Snowden exposed in early June also centered on US power and
technological capacity. It too was no American monolith. Like the Fed,
the NSA worked through local agencies. It too promised to provide a
blanket of security for the United States and its allies. Of course
spying and exchanging currencies were not the same things. But they
did have in common that their functional power and administrative
efficacy were not matched by anything resembling public political
authorization. They were testimony, at one and the same time, to the
continuing significance of US global power and the difficulty in
justifying that power in public either in the United States or in the
countries whose governments and business interests were enrolled in
America’s network.

<span style="color:red">No need for new BW, techocrats are ruling by fiat</span>

These passages claim the position of the dollar as the global currency
was not weakened due to global crisis, but in fact strengthened.

Question

One of the most famous singers in TR is a transwoman. How is that
possible in a convervative country?

<span style="color:red">It's a result of palace culture</span>

In agrarian era the palace is always associated with excess,
weirdness. In the peasant's mind, the weirdo village life he is living
must be multiplied 10-fold "over there" in the palace. Look at the
show *Game of Thrones*, there is incest, barbarism of all kinds (not
saying trans choice is like that, bear with me), resembling the
gladiator shows during days of Rome. This is "the ultimate landowners"
are seen by the rest.

In such cultures different sexual choices are entertainment for the
palace, the king and queen, if not overtly practiced by the "royals"
themselves. Then the peasant is interested in these things because
they are practiced, or an object of interest by the king or queen. 

Normal people (as in nomadic, adaptable) would not be fascinated by
unorthodox choices and look at them as things in a zoo, but just let
them be.

Story: I did a joke at her expense once; As I mentioned before *ağa*
is the landowner patriarch male in TR. And this famous transperson, in
her woman form, comes very much across as a *hanımağa*, a she-boss;
it's the weirdest thing to see. But she is liberal in her views, not
overly militant... One time she made an anti-militant comment and I
said "well that was very courageous to say, she surely knows how to
MAN UP (the comment was *erkek kadınmış*)". Wa-ha-ha-ha-...

I drop them jokes man.. that's right.

Question

Do all agricultural societies became bone worshippers?

<span style="color:red">Yes</span>

Burial sites were found in China that suggested similar ceremonies
around ancestor worship.

U cant escape a thing that surrounds every part of your being. You
might domesticate plants but they will also domesticate you. 


