# QA - 6/7

[Trek TNG](http://www.chakoteya.net/NextGen/275.htm)

[Captain Picard] Shakespeare was witnessing the end of the Renaissance
and the birth of the modern era, and Prospero finds himself in a world
where his powers are no longer needed. So, we see him here about to
perform one final creative act before giving up his art forever
[..T]here's a certain expectancy too. A hopefulness about the
future. You see, Shakespeare enjoyed mixing opposites. The past and
the future. Hope and despair.

<span style="color:red">Interesting</span>

Shakespeare lived in an interesting time lived between two waves it
seems...

U know what else was born between two waves? The United States of
America. 

Comment

Electrons are sometimes waves sometimes particles.

<span style="color:red">Mmm</span>

Moth-f-ka - do you realize how much energy it would take to make
something into a particle from a wave, and back again?

See [here](https://youtu.be/XV46ALr3OMg?t=127)

"Acts like a wave" and "is a wave" are two different things. Good
physicists know this difference.

Why don't you just admit, you found an angle that lets you compute
easily, you have nothing beyond that.

Question

US is a melting pot 

<span style="color:red">No</span>

US is a a tomato soup. A tomato soup has already very distinctive
taste, whatever you add into it, it remains tomato soup, tastes like
tomato soup.

The tomato is the Protestant culture.

[Link](https://science.sciencemag.org/content/365/6448/70)

"Beautiful (behavioural economics) experiments: "loosing" 17,303
wallets among 355 cities in 40 countries to measure the returning
rate. (..) Switzerland 1st, Italy last among Europe."

<span style="color:red">Well that makes perfect sense.</span>

Let's say you are a capo, walking on the street in Rome and you see a
wallet. Of course you take it, that's one less shakedown you have to
do that day, now you can feed your wives, provide for your underlings.

Look at the graph, Italy is very close to Greece and TR. Rome 1, 2 and 3. The ground-zero for mafia empires.

Comment

"But [bad coutry XYZ] in international relations cannot be reasoned
with / handled "

<span style="color:red">This is polemical</span>

A common misconception or tactic utilized in this polemical, and
war-like IR is labeling an international actor unreasonable. Israelis
keep saying "Palestenians never miss an opportunity to miss an
opportunity", like "look at these jackasses, they cannot even deal!
How can we sit down with these ppl to make piece!?" Which completely
ignores the history and the power relations of the conflict of course.

Or, I've heard an US IR type comment on Iranians once, over 10 years
ago, he was saying "look, when you deal with Iranians don't forget you
are playing chess with a donkey. You might make all your clever, fancy
moves on the board, but the other side can just lean over and eat your
piece".

So forget all that rational or irrational moves, thoughts, the oppo is
a donkey!  How can you deal with a donkey? Drop bombs!

Tooze, *Crashed*

The leaders of Wall Street had never liked Trump. They clearly
preferred the Clinton brand. He had paid them back in kind and he had
won. The question of who was boss had been answered. Trump’s
about-face once in office was utterly unabashed. He would do as
befitted a boss-president. There would be a bonfire of regulations and
in particular those of his predecessor. The thought of doing a “big
number” on Dodd-Frank pleased POTUS. And it pleased him also to bestow
favors on and receive applause from powerful interests, even those he
had previously made a show of attacking. As he told a meeting of CEOs
in April 2017: “For the bankers in the room, they’ll be very happy.”83
To have favors lavished on them by the man who had pilloried them on
the stump might seem topsy-turvy. But the bankers were not
complaining. As the Financial Times commented: “Imagine going to the
races, betting 98 per cent of your stake on the favourite [Clinton],
which loses in the final stretch, and going home with huge
winnings.”84 As far as Wall Street was concerned it turned out that
the game of politics was heads I win, tails you lose. Neither the
politicians nor Wall Street gave a second thought to the angry voters
who had actually put Trump in the White House.

<span style="color:red">Wall Street always gets what it wants</span>

Tooze

The resulting tax bill that passed both houses of Congress in December
​2017 was hugely controversial. The sugar coating, such as it was,
consisted of across-the-board reductions in personal income taxation
and cuts to exemptions that principally hit high-income local
taxpayers in states that voted Democratic. But these were time
limited. Within a few years many lower-income Americans would be
paying higher taxes. Of more lasting benefit to the very wealthy was
raising the estate tax threshold to $11 million. And what really
mattered was a 40 percent cut in the rate of business taxation, which
meant that profits could either be retained for growth or paid out to
shareholders. Given the vast inequality in wealth holding and
particularly in the holding of equity—the top quintile of the American
income distribution owns 90 percent of corporate equity—the benefits
go to the better off.

<span style="color:red">Some tax cut</span>

Tooze

His main shtick was that he was a businessman, a deal maker. And
because his business was real estate, Trump lived the American
business cycle close up.  As Hyman Minsky, the legendary analyst of
financial crises, observed already in 1990, Donald Trump was the very
epitome of a Ponzi scheme capitalist, living hand to mouth by
borrowing against the expected appreciation of his assets.  As a
result, crises punctuated Trump’s career. He was hit hard by the early
1990s recession, almost losing his business. By 2008 he was less
vulnerable, having diversified into media and branding. But his real
estate exposure was still significant. Indeed, he was seeking to
increase it. In 2006 he started a mortgage brokerage and announced
plans to open a mortgage lending business. Luckily for Trump, neither
got off the ground. By 2008 his casino business was failing again and
would ultimately close. But Trump’s real vulnerability was a gigantic
condo development in Chicago. It was a spectacular project, the
tallest building to be built in the United States since the Sears
Tower, and sales had originally gone well.

But in 2008 Chicago condo sales stopped dead. By the fall it was clear
that Trump and his business partners were in trouble. Since his
bankruptcies of the 1990s, Trump was no longer on good terms with the
major American banks, so the Chicago project got its funding mainly
from Deutsche Bank’s North American real estate arm.  In the first
week of November 2008, as Barack Obama celebrated his election victory
with his adoring Chicago base, Deutsche and Trump went to war.
Deutsche sued for $40 million, for which Trump was personally
liable. Trump responded with an astonishingly audacious legal
broadside. He claimed that the greatest financial crisis since 1929
constituted force majeure, akin to a natural disaster. He therefore
demanded more time for the project to pay off.  Deutsche’s own suit
was typical of a predatory and dangerous lender that had helped to
bring on the crisis. Trump’s countersuit claimed $3 billion in
compensation for the damage it was causing to his reputation. It was
pure legal swordplay, but it bought him the time he needed.  In a
tight spot Trump is nothing if not pragmatic, and he was certainly not
one to be squeamish about the maxims of free-market economics. Faced
with the 2008 crisis he knew that American business needed all the
help it could get. He had decades of experience working the subsidies
available from American government. He liked the cut of Obama’s jib;
2009 was not his moment to get on the anti-Obama bandwagon.

<span style="color:red">So what's in those tax returns?</span>

Mitt was saying "there are bombshells in those tax returns" meaning
DJT but it's probably just embarrassing stuff, Trump might not be as
rich as he claims.

The culture code for money in US is PROOF. Of success, having made it,
etc. That is why, at a cultural level, a billionaire is accepted.

What is the culture code for POTUS?

<span style="color:red">MOSES</span>

Bernie has an advantage here

[Keen](https://www.ecocognito.com/twitawoo/post/housing-crisis-explained-nothing-we-can-do)

Since these older and more economically powerful property owners
dominate the electorate, politicians are reduced to doing their best
Man of La Mancha impersonations: they “Dream the Impossible Dream”,
and aspire to bring about “affordable” expensive housing.

The best way to do that is to give young people a government handout
to let them climb onto the property ladder. A name evocative of
concern for the young, such as the “First Home Buyers Grant” in
Australia, or even more evocative, the “Help to Buy” Scheme in the UK,
helps make the policy look worthy.

This way, politicians are seen to be doing something to help the
young, deflecting blame onto others (as they rail against rigid
supply, which is not their responsibility), while actually fuelling
the engine that drives house prices higher faster than consumer prices
(and household incomes)[..]

That fuel is leverage – the rising level of household debt compared to
income. Not only can politicians do something about this by changing
the regulations on bank lending – they have done something about it in
the past, by changing the regulations in ways that allowed this bubble
to form in the first place.

House prices only took off when politicians followed the advice of
economists – and the special pleading of the finance sector – that the
economy would work so much better if the heavy hand of government
regulation was lifted, and industry was allowed to innovate. However,
the innovations we got were not industrial but financial, as banks
found ever more ways to persuade households (and also corporations) to
take on more debt.

Here the UK data is remarkable, even in the context of a worldwide
trend to higher levels of leverage. Between 1880 and 1980, private
debt in the UK fluctuated as a percentage of GDP, yet it never once
reached 75% of GDP. But in 1982, both household and corporate debt
took off.

In 1982, total private debt was equivalent to 61% of GDP, split
equally between households and corporations. 25 years later, as the
global financial crisis unfolded, private debt was three times larger
at 197% of GDP, again split 50:50 between households and corporations.

The key changes to legislation that occurred in 1982 is the UK let
banks muscle into the mortgage market that was previously dominated by
building societies. This was sold in terms of improving competition in
the mortgage market, to the benefit of house buyers – allegedly,
mortgage costs would fall.

But its most profound impact was something much more insidious: it
enabled the creation of credit money to fuel rising house prices,
setting off a feedback loop that only ended in 2008.

<span style="color:red">The man speaka some sense...</span>