# QA - 15/7

Beard et al, from *Introduction to Feedback Control*

I had a need for a new masters student in my research group and hired
one of the top students in the class. We had designed a gimbal system
for a small unmanned air vehicle, and needed a control system
implemented on a microcontroller for the gimbal. I tasked this new
masters student to model the gimbal and design the control system. I
was a surprised by how much the student struggled with this task,
especially understanding where to begin and how to model the
gimbal. If I had given him a transfer function and asked him to design
a PID controller, or if I had given him a state space model and asked
him to design an observer and controller for the system, he would not
have had any difficulty. But he did not know how to do an end-to-end
design that required developing models for the system, including
physical constraints

<span style="color:red">There is a lot of that going around</span>

Education is increasingly pigeonholing ppl into areas, into weird
-isms, noone can do end-to-end design anymore. It's like Isaac Newton
knowing some algebra but not being able to compute anything, or vica
versa. We complain science became huge, one person cannot manage it
all, but the essential core really did not, a lot of concepts taught
are umimportant and a core general science / engineering knowledge
with solid math and computation can be learned by all who are
such inclined.

Jacobin Mag

How Obama Failed: [The flaws in the admin] were baked in. As Hundt
makes clear, despite Hillary Clinton’s primary loss, the Obama
residency essentially became the second Clinton administration that
she and her family’s entourage had been planning for, with Obama
surprising John Podesta by tapping him to lead his transition. Podesta
staffed top posts with Clintonite neoliberals, ensuring their ideology
predominated in the administration

It’s ironic that Obama’s defenders point to Republican obstructionism
to explain away his administration’s inadequacies, when Hundt makes
clear that the primary source of obstructionism was coming from inside
the house

<span style="color:red">Some call Biden Hillary 2.0</span>

But IMO Obama was Hillary 2.0. Biden would be Hillary 3.0.

Why did Bam become a Clinton continuation? Well, if you are a young
guy with a weird name who is really green, you have to belong
somewhere. Clintons provided Obama that umbrella. Then the usual
suspects filled the ranks of his admin, financial industry was saved,
citizens were not.

Question

Marx defined socialism

<span style="color:red">No</span>

At the time when Marx wrote there were many other socialist
economists, he was just one. He wasn't even a good one. But his
writings became influential bcz cons chose their enemy. Marx was
preferred bcz of his shortcomings.

Question

But isnt it important to poll ppl to find out what they think on spec
items? Experienced pols like Clinton polled all the time

<span style="color:red">Bill is IaC</span>

By default they dont listen to anything, so polls might have been his
systemic way of offsetting that shortcoming. I remember that era,
coincidentally CRM was a huge buzzword back then perhaps partly due to
that.

How important is listening in general..? Depends. How much did Steve
Jobs listen? Did he give customers what they wanted, or what he
decided they needed?





