# QA - 15/7

Beard et al, from *Introduction to Feedback Control*

I had a need for a new masters student in my research group and hired
one of the top students in the class. We had designed a gimbal system
for a small unmanned air vehicle, and needed a control system
implemented on a microcontroller for the gimbal. I tasked this new
masters student to model the gimbal and design the control system. I
was a surprised by how much the student struggled with this task,
especially understanding where to begin and how to model the
gimbal. If I had given him a transfer function and asked him to design
a PID controller, or if I had given him a state space model and asked
him to design an observer and controller for the system, he would not
have had any difficulty. But he did not know how to do an end-to-end
design that required developing models for the system, including
physical constraints

There is a lot of this going around

Education is increasingly pigeonholing ppl into areas, into weird
-isms, noone can do end-to-end design anymore. It's like Isaac Newton
knowing some algebra but not being able to compute anything, or vica
versa. We complain science became huge, one person cannot manage it
all, but the essential core really did not, a lot of concepts taught
are umimportant and a core general science / engineering knowledge
with solid math and computation can be learned by all who are
such inclined.

Jacobin Mag

How Obama Failed: [The flaws in the admin] were baked in. As Hundt
makes clear, despite Hillary Clinton’s primary loss, the Obama
residency essentially became the second Clinton administration that
she and her family’s entourage had been planning for, with Obama
surprising John Podesta by tapping him to lead his transition. Podesta
staffed top posts with Clintonite neoliberals, ensuring their ideology
predominated in the administration

It’s ironic that Obama’s defenders point to Republican obstructionism
to explain away his administration’s inadequacies, when Hundt makes
clear that the primary source of obstructionism was coming from inside
the house

Obama was Hillary 2.0

Some use this term for Biden which is incorrect. Biden would be
Hillary 3.0.

Why Bam is a Clinton clone? Well, if you are a young guy with a weird
name who is really green, you have to belong somewhere. Clintons
provided Obama that. So Clinton ppl filled the ranks of Bama admin,
financial industry was saved, citizens were not.

Question

Marx defined socialism

No

At the time when Marx wrote, there were many other socialist
economists, he was just one. He wasn't even a good one. But his
writings became influential bcz IMO cons chose their enemy. 








