# Q&A - 9/8

WaPo

Democrats are moving left — and that won't necessarily hurt them in
2018 [..T]heir Better Deal, which is being amended week to week, has
largely built on the left-wing platform that emerged from the 2016
convention. Democrats now endorse a $15 minimum wage; they back $1
trillion in deficit-financed infrastructure spending.

Not good enough

All of that is an example of "legislation-through-corporation" -- this
is what the "old new left" used to do. Democrats were brain-fucked by
Reagan, with a butt-plug so they became paralyzed neck-down. They were
lying on the floor, comotose, u know, with the occosional
twitching.. So they lost their ability to think outside their
predefined boundaries now,  their "solutions" are always these little
bitchy methods of getting companies to do this-or-that
different. Getting companies to pay __x__ amount of money, giving
companies money so they create economic activity, making companies to
give time-off for whatever reasons. In the case of health insurance
however the solution does not lie with the companies, insurance needs
to be taken away from companies.

P. Krugman

Harry Truman tried to create a national health insurance system. Public opinion was initially on his side: Jill Quadagno's book "One Nation, Uninsured" tells us that in 1945, 75 percent of Americans favored national health insurance. If Truman had succeeded, universal coverage for everyone, not just the elderly, would today be an accepted part of the social contract.

But Truman failed. Special interests, especially the American Medical Association and Southern politicians who feared that national insurance would lead to racially integrated hospitals, triumphed.

Sixty years later, the patchwork system that evolved in the absence of national health insurance is unraveling. The cost of health care is exploding, the number of uninsured is growing, and corporations that still provide employee coverage are groaning under the strain.

So the time will soon be ripe for another try at universal coverage. Public opinion is already favorable: a 2003 Pew poll found that 72 percent of Americans favored government-guaranteed health insurance for all.

But special interests will, once again, stand in the way. And the big debate among would-be reformers is how to deal with those interests, especially the insurance companies. These companies played a secondary role in Truman's failure but have since become a seemingly invincible lobby.

Right you are paduwan

Question

Do you think if Trump would sign a Medicare-for-all bill if it came to him?

I think he would

WaPo

Single-payer alternative [is] favored by the majority of House Democrats.

Good Good








at

August 09, 2017















