# De Vany, Exercise, Diet

From *The New Evolution Diet*

The modern human genome is about 50,000 to 100,000 years old.  Little
has changed during that time except for some variation in genes that
are localised, population-specific adaptations to disease, and some
recent ones that involve nutrition, such as the ability to metabolise
the sugar lactose contained in milk.  I began to look into the
relationship between the original human diet that was consumed by
hunter-gatherers and our genetic make-up. I focused on 40,000 BC ,
when fully modern humans emerged.  The diet they consumed back then
was strikingly similar to what my family and I had developed as we
attempted to control diabetes.  The current debate over fat versus
carbohydrate in the diet is anchored totally in the modern idea of
eating.  This is really an argument over fads, because virtually every
modern diet is just a small variation on bad nutritional thinking.

I took my economics analogy further, applying the dynamic statistical
models I developed in my research to the movement of wild animals,
children at play, sports events.  I would eventually use this to
understand the complex energy dynamics of Palaeolithic
hunter-gatherers as they foraged for food.  There were periods of
feast and famine and mixtures of physical activity that varied
enormously in intensity and duration.

Hunger motivates movement. This is a genetically engineered survival
tactic. If you are starving, you have a powerful reason to get up and
do something about it. Hunger also alters your bloodstream – it
releases adrenaline and growth hormone to mobilise fat as fuel. That’s
a good moment to exercise, if you’re interested in getting maximum
results.  An experimenter once told me he could not get his lab rats
to do their mandatory exercise unless they were hungry.  One well-fed
rat would just sit on the treadmill and let the wheel rub the fur of
its behind.

What was most revealing about trying to model the Palaeolithic energy
environment was how our ancestors moved. A hunter had to walk long
distances, sprint, and then, in the kill, had to execute abrupt,
violent motions.  If the hunt were successful, he’d have to lift and
haul a heavy load back home. A gatherer, too, walked far depending on
what she sought, and then had to return home bearing a burden.  Most
of life was random and unpredictable.  There was no such thing as a
‘typical’ activity.  A hunter expended energy in great bursts of
activity and treks of varying length, but then, for a lot of the time,
did absolutely nothing [..]

As in all exercise, intermittency and variety are the goals in aerobic
workouts. You want to stop and start, go in an instant from walking to
running at top speed for forty or fifty yards, then amble along until
the urge to sprint overtakes you again. When you 61do this, you
exercise all the different types of muscle fibre, whereas joggers work
only the slow- and intermediate-twitch kinds.  Jogging also wastes
time because you need to do it for long periods to see any
benefit. Mixing up sprints with walks is safer for your heart,
too. And there’s less stress on your knees, ankles, hips, feet and
back.

You are getting a good cardio workout just by lifting weights as I
suggest, without much of a break between sets or stations.  Your heart
should be pumping and your lungs working when you do it vigorously and
with a sense of purpose. If you still feel the need for more aerobic
exercise, find a game to play.  Tennis, squash and rollerblading, for
instance, are intense, stop-and-start activities, meaning they burn
all three kinds of muscle fibre. And they have the added advantage of
being fun.

---

Our genome has not changed since our hunter-gatherer days. We for
optimal life, we need to take this into account. Wake-up, eat strong
meal, then fast until the next day. Do this for a couple days, and
some days at the end of the day, feast. Do not exercise through
marathons, or "jogging", but through sprint-centered activities,
moving like hunters do, or appropiately, the way children play, who
know instinctively how to move because this knowledge has not been
beaten out of them yet through "education", or the modern life.

