# The Contract

In every 2nd wave nation there is a group called The Integrators who
form the political backbone of the ruling class. It does not matter
the country in question is China, India, United States or
Russia. Every second wave country has them.

In most cases, these countries also have a reassurance ritual which is
a representative system of sorts (not democracy), but the election
process is actually two-fold. First, the Integrators elect someone
internally, then, if the country has a representative system, they
offer this selection to the people. If not, the election is over after
Phase One.

One of the proofs of the existence of this internal election is that
it can now be predicted. Professor Bruce Bueno de Mesquita has a
mathematical model based on game theory and simulation that can
accurately guess the next leader of a country. He used his model on a
known "democracy", India, and his model predicted the next leader of
India. But even without the model, this workings of this internal
election is clear to see. John Kerry selects Obama, then he is offered
to people for an up-down vote. The German integrators concluded the
most strategic, vital issue facing their country is dealing with the
effects of the unification (with the East) therefore they "elect"
someone (Merkel) from that region.

Don't even get me started on Putin and Medvedev.

The voters, da people, instinctively know this and let the Integrators
play the game. But there is an unwritten contract of sorts between
them and the elite. The Integrators do "their thing" utilizing
whatever resources, people, ideas necessary, with one condition: they
dont fuck things up too badly. Once fuck-ups start, and they build and
form a huge clusterfuck, this is an indication that the contract is
showing signs of wear and tear.

And since in 3rd Wave predictability goes out the door, the major
advantage of "a small number of specialized rulers" begins to
lessen. Peter Drucker said it perfectly, [paraphrasing] that up until
mid 20th century, if a US president satisfied about a dozen of
interest groups, he would feel that he was fulfilling his job. But
today such vested interests are measured in tens of thousands. No
centralized mechanism can cope with such a number of (usually
conflicting) interests.

Hence the contract goes bust.

Additional note:

People should not blame the EU for stopping Papandreu from going to
referendum. Papandreau simply did something that goes against to the
integrators' job description. The Euro is a standardized currency,
hence it is something cooked up by the elites, and you dont mix and
match between the Integrator business and people business. You either
do one or the other. That brother got confused, as a result, lost his
job.
