# Q&A - 26/9

[From his speech to German left party SPD] But look beyond this, and there is a bigger issue for left parties to deal with, one that they unfortunately helped to create. Back in the 1970s, a period that now seems quite benign, corporate profits were very low, labor’s share of income was very high, and inflation was rising. We were told that this was unsustainable, and new institutions and policies were constructed to make sure that this particular mix of outcomes would never happen again.

In this regard we were singularly successful. Today, corporate profits have never been higher, labor’s share of national income has almost never been lower, and inflation has given way to deflation. So are we happier for this change?

What we have done over the past thirty years is to build a creditor’s paradise of positive real interest rates, low inflation, open markets, beaten-down unions, and a retreating state — all policed by unelected economic officials in central banks and other unelected institutions that have only one target: to keep such a creditor’s paradise going.

In such a world, why would you, the average worker, ever get a pay rise? Indeed, is it any wonder that inequality is everywhere an issue? In Europe this plays out at the national level, and at the international level of creditor countries (good) and debtor countries (bad), where the rights of the creditors must be protected and the mantra that “you must pay your debts” must be respected.

Yet even in terms of simple welfare economics, this is nonsense. If the cost of squeezing the debtor is to keep her in debt servitude, or if the losses to the creditors are less than the costs of servicing the debt in perpetuity, then default is efficient, if not moral.

Today it is a profound irony that European social democrats worry deeply, as they should, about the investor protection clauses embedded in the proposed Transatlantic Investment Treaty with the US, and yet they demand enforcement of exactly the same creditor protections on their fellow Europeans without pausing for breath for the money they “lent” to them to bail out their own banking systems’ errant lending decisions.

Something has gone badly wrong when social democracy thinks this is OK. It is not. Because it begs the fundamental question, “what are you for — if you are for this?” The German Social Democrats, for we are all the heirs of Rosa Luxemburg, today stand as the joint enforcers of a creditor’s paradise. Is that who you really want to be? Modern European history has turned many times on the choices of the SPD. This is one of those moments.

It’s great that my book has helped remind you of the poverty of these ideas. But the point is to recover your voice, not just your historical memory. Your vote share isn’t going down because you are not shadowing the CDU enough. Its going down because if all you do is that, why should anyone vote for you at all?

I hope that reading my book reminds the SPD of one thing: that the reason they exist is to do more than simply to enforce a creditor’s paradise in Europe.

Yes

As interesting as CDU's loss of votes and rise of AfD, there is the hollowing out of the left in Germany.

NYT

Even as the number of working people [in Germany] has increased, so has the number of people relying on government benefits. Since 2012, an additional 2.1 million people have turned to government assistance. In all, 7.2 percent of the population relies on it.

Many are the working poor whose income are not enough to sustain them. More than seven million people hold so-called mini-jobs, part-time positions without any contribution to health insurance.


Yes

Very important to notice, Germany does not have universal health coverage, as in Canada, Australia. Insurance lobby is influential here, there is a sort of individual mandate, like Obamacare (an overengineered piece of shit, whose architect, aptly named Mr. Gruber, occasionally comes up in the news for fraud charges).

While we are on subject of improvements: ARD payments scheme needs dismantling. Almost everyone I talked to about this agree. The integrators all over the world need to understand, noone is scared of you. And a single broadcaster, in today's world, will not hold back any mythical return to despotism. The job of government is protect borders, make common person's life as transaction-free as possible, providing no-strings-attached services, not creating the conditions where organizations keep extracting money from its citizens who are mostly unwilling or don't care.

Question

GR deep state wanted a grand-coalition between CDU and SPD. Was that the right move?

No

When two grand parties are in government, the protest votes have nowhere to go, so this time it went to Nazis. I am not sure why the DS wanted the grand coalition.. I think back then there were some protests, they were worried, wanted garner "as much legitimacy as possible in government". But it backfired. Now SPD says they are going into opposition - right move.

Question

How could CDU suffer losses in the East, Merkel's constituents are there!

Wrong

Her constituents are the hipsters in Berlin. Really. If she were not the Chancellor, I could definitely see her working in one of the tech startups in Berlin. BTW, being mostly neutral / vehemently for, as in crazy supportive of refugees is a common stance seen among certain type of affluent person in GR / hipster Berliner.














