# Q&A - 12/8

WikiLeaks has crowdsourced a bounty of €100,000 to be paid out to
anyone who can get them a copy of the secret Transatlantic Trade and
Investment Partnership. I'm not sure which is craziest here: That a
modern western democracy could negotiate a trade deal in secret and
keep it classified; that a news organization could offer a bounty for
its contents; or that the bounty could be crowdsourced [..]

It is all crazy

News

[Chinese] users rattle off a list of symptoms, such as achy joints,
red eyes and a cough, and the Chinese search giant sends an immediate
diagnostic suggestion (flu, 75% odds). Then, it links users to a
nearby medical specialist.  A majority of Chinese online turn to the
Web first for health information, and voice search is far less
cumbersome than text, Wei said.

“From a patient’s point of view, you’d rather have something like
natural language — something you can talk to, [so] you can describe
multiple symptoms at the same time,” he told Re/code. “Our long term
goal is to build a medical robot.”

Awesome

Commenter

Single payer healthcare system will slow-down the innovation in
pharmaceutical drugs

Bollocks

Drug research can be funded like any other branch of science, through
government, or through start-ups with interesting & marketable
ideas. As it stands current system is doing its best to destroy
medical research through legislative abominations such as Bayh-Dole.

FT

[For Mason] Wikipedia epitomises a potentially brave new
postcapitalist world.[..] Some readers may scoff at this. [..] But
even if you love the current capitalist system, it would be a mistake
to ignore the book. For Mason weaves together varied intellectual
threads to produce a fascinating set of ideas. At times, the text is
unnervingly dense; Mason has done extensive research. But the thesis
about “postcapitalism” deserves a wide readership among right and left
alike.

His starting point is an assertion that the current technological
revolution has at least three big implications for modern
economies. First, “information technology has reduced the need for
work” — or, more accurately, for all humans to be workers. For
automation is now replacing jobs at a startling speed; indeed, a 2013
report by the Oxford Martin school estimated that half the jobs in the
US are at high risk of vanishing within a decade or two.

The second key point about the IT revolution, Mason argues, is that
“information goods are corroding the market’s ability to form prices
correctly”. For the key point about cyber-information is that it can
be replicated endlessly, for free; there is no constraint on how many
times we can copy and paste a Wikipedia page. “Until we had shareable
information goods, the basic law of economics was that everything is
scarce. Supply and demand assumes scarcity. Now certain goods are not
scarce, they are abundant.”

But third, “goods, services and organisations are appearing that no
longer respond to the dictates of the market and the managerial
hierarchy”. More specifically, people are collaborating in a manner
that does not always make sense to traditional economists, who are
used to assuming that humans act in self-interest and price things
according to supply and demand. “The biggest information product in
the world — Wikipedia — is made by 27,000 volunteers, for free,” he
observes. “If it were run as a commercial site, Wikipedia’s revenue
could be $2.8bn a year. Yet Wikipedia makes no profit. And in doing so
it makes it almost impossible for anybody else to make a profit in the
same space.” [..]

Instead, Mason thinks that it is time to recognise that technology has
turned us all into individualists — but connected us by networks in
unusually powerful ways. And he wants to use the power of millions of
individuals to build a more equal and just world that is no longer
dominated by a “neoliberalism [that] is the doctrine of uncontrolled
markets”. More specifically, Mason thinks — or hopes — that a
postcapitalist world is a place where only part of the population will
work for cash, on a quasi-voluntary basis; the rest will be pursuing
non-monetary goals. He wants governments to provide a guaranteed
income for the entire population and free (or low-cost) basic services
and public infrastructure. He also wants companies to automate as many
processes as they can (rather than relying on cheap labour) and
central bankers to conduct financial repression to reduce national
debt.

Mason’s vision for the future, in other words, is a world where the
government provides the framework to enable individuals to flourish
but state functions are handed over to citizens. It is a place where
people are secure — and equal — enough to use the efficiencies
unleashed by automation to pursue worthy goals, such as volunteering
to write Wikipedia pages. [..]

[But Mason does not] address the issue that tends to preoccupy many
unions and leftwing groups today, namely the fact that technology is
currently turning many workers into the equivalent of insecure digital
sharecroppers, rather than collaborative creative spirits. Just look
at the current fights around Uber, and the lack of security for
workers there.

You missed the point entirely

If you have guaranteed income, you would not be an "insecure digital
sharecropper" - you would work on things that are important to you,
and once in a while one of those passions can make good money, making
you rich.

In terms of terminology - I prefer calling the new system
postindustrial free market system.









