# Q&A - 22/8

Jeremy Rifkin, *The Zero-Marginal Cost Society*

Between 2008 and 2012, while the Great Recession was bleeding workers,
industry was piling on new software and innovations to boost
productivity and keep profitable with smaller payrolls. The effect of
these efforts is striking. Mark J. Perry, a University of Michigan
economics professor and visiting scholar at the American Enterprise
Institute, a conservative think tank based in Washington, D.C., ran
the numbers. By the end of 2012, according to Perry, the U.S. economy
had made a complete recovery from the 2007–2009 recession, with a
gross domestic output of 13.6 trillion (in 2005 dollars). That was 2.2
percent higher, or 290 billion dollars more real output, than in 2007,
just before the recession, when the GDP was at $13.32 trillion. Perry
observes that, while real output was 2.2 percent above the recession
level in 2007, industry churned out the increase in goods and services
with only 142.4 million workers in 2012—or 3.84 million fewer workers
than in 2007. Perry’s conclusion: “The Great Recession stimulated huge
productivity and efficiency gains as companies shed marginal workers
and learned how to do ‘more with less (fewer workers).

So productivity has been increasing

Otherwise employers would not be able to do more with less. Another
proof: Employee participation (the opposite of unemployment) is on the
down trend, at the same time, there is annual GDP growth (quick note:
2% growth year-by-year means exponential growth, 2% of a big pie is
much bigger than 2% of a smaller pie). More can be done. Outsourcing
to China has slowed down to switch to automation. I favor
full-automation, hoping employers create conditions where they are
shedding jobs en masse causing wide-spread joblessness. This is a good
thing.

Question

Why are you against industrial production?

I am not

There was agricultural production during 2nd Wave, and there is / will
be industrial production during the 3r Wave. But industrialization
will lose its ability to dictate how people live / work / get educated
/ get healthcare, etc, because most will not be participating in
smokestack production. We are not assembly line workers anymore, even
though the system thinks that we are.


