# Article 13

[Link](https://savetheinternet.info/demos)

The planned EU copyright reform constitutes a massive threat to the
free exchange of opinions and culture online. Together, on 23 March
2019 we call for a Europe-wide day of protests against the dangers of
the reform.

Article 13 will lead to the use of error-prone and costly upload
filters, as the demanded pre-emptive identification of alleged
copyright violations is not feasible any other way, even if the term
"upload filter" is not used in the wording of the law explicitly.
Upload filters will block legal expressions of opinion and creative
contents, as automatic systems cannot accurately distinguish
legitimate uses from copyright infringements. The intended safeguards
are not sufficient to prevent such erroneous filtering.  Smaller
platforms would see their existence under threat, as many of them fall
within the scope of Articles 11 and 13 (or must at least fear being
included), regardless of whether copyright violations are a problem on
these sites and apps today, or whether they have the resources to
actually fulfil their newly-imposed obligations [..].

We appeal to the Members of the European Parliament to vote against
Articles 11 and 13.

---

I was uploading a video of a wedding the other day, of a video I shot
myself, but because of the music playing in the background
(commercial! copyright!) it was flagged by YT.

When I walk by a house where music is playing, I overhear music, does
it get flagged? This is insanity. Copyrights, as well as patents need
to be abolished. You can't police this stuff effectively in the
knowledge-age, in a preemptive fashion. Instead of filtering
beforehand, we need to incentivize rewards / likes afterhand, after
the release of content.

So protest, great. Smash.




