# Q&A - 19/3

*previous post with some additions, corrections*

Q: Is it okay to print money for UBI?

A: A portion of it can be funded by printing money, yes.

Q: But then we have MMT.

A: No.

MMT gives any piece of legislation a chance to print (unnecessarily
expanding the monetary base, debasing the money). As we all know,
sausage making and money printing does not mix well. Imagine the
scenario: "Congressmen from Ohio wants a brdige for his
vote... Congresswoman from Idaho wants two. How to decide? No need!
Everyone gets a bridge!"

If printing is a one-shot deal, for a targeted legislation, especially
for something like UBI, then it can be okay.

Q: But US has the reserve currency, we can print whatever we want!

A: You won't have the world's reserve currency any longer if you follow these f--kers.

Q: If internet publishing were completely decentralized, how would you
handle filtering unwanted content?

A: Easy. Let's say email, file sharing, social networking all become
peer-to-peer with no need for "servers" that you "connect to"; they
essentially become completely decentralized. Any computer knows how to
connect only to a few computers next to it, which propagate the
information further, so on. This is how Internet works at a base
package level already.

Then one could imagine, anyone could take / install / become consumers
of "filter packages" for their social net, or any other internet app.

In a household, parents would chose the appropiate filter package, at
school the headmaster, at work the CTO. These packages would keep
track of unwanted content, flag it good or bad, maybe relying on a hew
hundred, or thousands filterers, employing whatever algorithms they
like.

So basically unwanted content is faught at the consumer end, not the
publishing end. The latter is censoring, the former is consumer
service.

Q: We need to fix entitlements starting with social security [means
abolish them]

A: Calling these programs "entitlements" is tasteless.

But, truth be told, social security was not designed for a time when
many people lived beyond 65, that's why the system is defunct. It's
best that it is be replaced with something like UBI where everyone
gets a payment of some sort anyway. Politicking for this can be in
different ways; Andrew Yang, the UBI candidate, smartly "does not
touch that rail", folding socsec into his UBI plan, declaring "if you
get socsec payments already, you will not get UBI". And while UBI
funding is being worked out, I guess socsec would also be saved on the
side, within the same legislation.

Q: Why were unions were weak in United States?

A: I bet unions were historically weak in US because of a
readily-available migrant work force (and later bcz of
automation). Then left could not cut its teeth on labor movements, and
US missed out other things in succession that are related; healthcare,
etc.

(Social security really is not an achievement as many were supposed to
die before collecting their checks)

I remembered this because of "the greatest Canadian" Tommy Douglas. He
was a pastor (confirming the religion / left connection thesis), then
became politically active during labor protests, joined politics,
ended up implementing universal healthcare, at state level which was
later copied by others.

But didn't Canada have migrants? Yes but not as many as in US. I mean,
seriously, Canada. Who would live there? The place is not for the
faint of heart. US could attract labor from all over the world easier,
then from its neighbor, Mexico.

Note: From a different angle, universal healthcare, at a
politico-subconcious level, could also be Canada's way of enticing
people to go there. Just a theory... Now things are equalizing of
course, US needs to handle this healthcare business too. The bloated
insurance companies are sucking the life out of companies,
enterpreneurs, and family budgets.

[Twitter User](https://mobile.twitter.com/garrygolden/status/1104850079985401856)

"We don't need recharging stations because everyone will plug in at
home."... lies battery enthusiasts tell themselves. H2 stations for
FCEVs will scale like gasoline stations. No grid balancing
costs. Cheaper at scale..."

A: True

Q: Is peer interaction necessary for education?

A: Right now it might be because the ed content sucks so bad. The
solution is not to increase peer interaction, but to increase ed
content quality.

I heard a student say friends are necessary for good grades. But this
particular student's profile is Lonesome Cowboy No More; they have a
tendency to go solo, but their dev path goes thru working with people,
even mindmelding with them to such degree they lose themselves in
rel. But this is their personal journey; not to be projected to a
global scale. Let's remember MOOCs bombed and they were highly
interactive. What they needed to be was to be async (class does not
"start" or "end"), and quality had to be better. Why have one lecturer
when u can have two, or three? Have'em explain the same
thing. Complement it with alternates such as KhanAcademy,
3Blue1Brown. Disk space is cheap.

Studying for class with friends is like blindfolded ppl touching an
elephant in many ways.. Everyone feels a part, then everyone shares
notes. Class is the elephant and students are the blindfolded
people...

That's all fine but someone can come in and just flick on the light
and take off the blindfolds.

Q: But you said current lecturing scheme is not enough

A: Yes

Right now the model is some jackass in front of the blackboard,
talking, writing. I want that jackass (called a teacher) to be
replaced by a reputable researcher, and his videos be made
available. Videos can be rewound, watched, rewatched. I want students
to see how a master thinks. Then you complement that with new age
teaching material, such as KhanAcademy, 3blue1brown. Then you add a
certification mechanism [around it](../../2018/09/public-education.md),
now you are starting to get a semblance of education that can be
scaled.

That's my thing; cost and scale. If you can go to Harvard, go to
Harvard. Cheat, bribe, do whatever fuck u want to do. Such people are
not the subject of this blog.

Q: Should class material be available to anyone?

A: Yes

The content should be open to all. We need to leave this "signup to
class", "drop class" mentality when talking about educational
content. A student usually has no idea what any major entails, which
direction s/he needs to go, what subjects s/he may like. With freely
available content, they can watch hours of lectures before deciding.

Comment: We are now in the Fourth Industrial Revolution

A: I wish ppl stopped misusing the word "industrial revolution". I was
against this when Rifkin used it (third IR) and I am certainly against
it when Davos/Biden crowd uses it (fourth IR). Waves are better.

When you say things like fourth industrial revolution, people are
naturally like, "wait, what happened to the other two?". I understand
the urge "confuse and mystify", "to sound interesting and cool", but
clarity in communication should be always be preferable to other options.

