# Q&A - 18/3

Q: If internet publishing were completely decentralized, how would you
handle filterig unwanted content?

A: Easy. Let's say email, file sharing, social networking all become
peer-to-peer with no need for "servers" that you "connect to"; they
essentially become completely decentralized. Any computer knows how to
connect only to a few computers next to it, which propagate the
information further, so on. This is how Internet works at a base
package level already.

Then one could imagine, anyone could become consumers of "filter
packages" that you could install for your social net, email, etc apps.
In a household, parents would chose the appropiate filter package, at
school the headmaster, at work the CTO. These filter packages would
keep track of unwanted content and flag it good or bad, maybe relying
on a hew hundred, or thousands filterers, employing whatever
algorithms they like. They might be paid for this service. So
basically unwanted content is faught at the consumer end, not the
publishing end. The latter is censoring. The former is consumer service. 

Q: We need to fix entitlements like social security [meaning abolish them]

A: Calling these programs "entitlements" are tasteless. But, to be
honest, social security was not designed for a time when many people
lived beyond 65. Social security is defunct. Its best to be replaced
with something like UBI which everyone will get anyway. Andrew Yang,
the UBI candidate, smartly "does not touch that rail", folding it into
his UBI plan, "if you get socsec pay, you don't get UBI". 

Q: Why were unions were weak in United States?

A: I bet unions were historically weak in US because of a
readily-available migrant work force (later they weakened bcz of
automation). Then left could not cut its teeth on labor movs, and US
missed out other thing in succession that are related; healthcare,
etc.

(Social security really is not an achievement -of the left- as many
were supposed to die before collecting their checks)

I remembered this bcz of "the greatest Canadian" Tommy Douglas. He was
a pastor (confirming the religion / left connection thesis), then
became politically active during labor protests, joined politics,
ended up implementing universal healthcare, at state level which was
later copied by others.

But didn't Canada have migrants? Surely but not as many as in US. I
mean, seriously, Canada. Who would live there? The place is not for
the faint of heart. US could attract labor from all over the world
easier, and its neighbor, Mexico.

[TWitter User](https://mobile.twitter.com/garrygolden/status/1104850079985401856)

"We don't need recharging stations because everyone will plug in at
home."... lies battery enthusiasts tell themselves. H2 stations for
FCEVs will scale like gasoline stations. No grid balancing
costs. Cheaper at scale..."

A: True

Q: Is peer interaction necessary for education?

A: Right now it might be because the ed content sucks so bad. The
solution is not to increase peer interaction, but to increase ed
content quality.

I heard a student even say friends are necessary for good grades. But
this particular student's profile is Lonesome Cowboy No More; they
have a tendency to go solo, but their dev path goes thru working with
people, even mindmelding with them to such degree they lose themselves
in rel. But this is their personal journey; not to be projected to a
global scale. Let's remember MOOCs bombed and they were highly
interactive. What they needed to be was to be async (class does not
"start" or "end"), and quality had to be better. Why have one lecturer
when u can have two, or three? Have'em explain the same thing. Disk
space is cheap.

Working 4 class with friends is like blindfolded ppl toching an
elephant in many ways.. Everyone feels a part, then everyone shares
notes. Class is the elephant and students are the blindfolded
people...

That's all fine but someone can come in and just flick on the light
and take off the blindfolds. 

Comment: We are now in the Fourth Industrial Revolution

A: I wish ppl stopped misusing the word "industrial revolution". I was
against this when Rifkin used it (third IR) and I am certainly against
it when Davos/Biden crowd uses it (fourth IR). Waves are better.

When you say things like fourth industrial revolution, people are
naturally like, "wait, what happened to the other two?". I understand
the urge "confuse and mystify" others, "to sound interesting", but
clarity in communication should be preferable.

