# Q&A - 12/6

A. Toffler, The Third Wave

Out of [a] driving need for the integration of Second Wave civilization came the biggest coordinator of all—the integrational engine of the system: big government. It is the system's hunger for integration that explains the relentless rise of big government in every Second Wave society.

Again and again political demagogues arose to call for smaller government. Yet, once in office, the very same leaders expanded rather than contracted the size of government. This contradiction between rhetoric and real life becomes understandable the moment we recognize that the transcendent aim of all Second Wave governments has been to construct and maintain industrial civilization. Against this commitment, all lesser differences faded. Parties and politicians might squabble over other issues, but on this they were in tacit agreement And big government was part of their unspoken program regardless of the tune they sang, because industrial societies depend on government to perform essential integrational tasks.

In the words of political columnist Clayton Fritchey, the United States federal government never ceased to grow, even under three recent Republican administrations.

Damn

Question

How big is the government?

Too big not to fail

In US, apparently, most of that "size" is in social security, medicare, medicaid spending.




That's in billions of dollars BTW, meaning that 2,400 number is 2,400 billion, which is, 2.4 trillion. This spending has gone through the roof in a way that can't be explained through population increase. It's interesting that instead of spending money on these programs, simply giving the money out (at 2000 levels even) directly to people of 100 million would mean 12K per person / per year.

The mind blowing number is this though; 22 million government workers [see also FRED].

WSJ

Today’s open-office layouts or the obsession with meetings do not play to introverts’ strengths

True

People are different. It's pointless to treat all employees the same. One-size-fits-all is a result of industrial-era thinking.








at

June 12, 2015















