# Q&A - 18/6

Person X should do Y

Not all X for all Y

People are different; character advice needs to be tailored for the person. An advice could have been, for example, "be less selfish" -  but there are ppl  out there whose type is what we call  More Me that need to be more selfish. MM ppl have with a tendency to always stay behind the curtain, help from a support position, to a degree where they lose their identity. They need to assert themselves more. There are others, such as the type High Horse (Putin's type) who must support others, make it less about them, be less selfish.

Question

How similar are people? 

Mmm

Anonymous: "We are all snowflakes, special, unique".

Carl Jung: "We meet ourselves time and again in a thousand disguises on the path of life". 

Both of these statements are true. There are around 300 attributes we were able to analyze out of which everyone has a bag of 10 to 20. One person might have 10,20,30,.. another 5,15,25,30,.. The 30 is the same, hence "meeting ourselves in a thousand disquises" but the combination makes a person unique. Not many people carry the same combo, even when they do, there are genetic, cultural, other aspects that add to the differences.

But on general concerns, people act, in general, in a general kind of way. 

Question

Do you support the BDS movement that aims to boycott Israeli goods.

Yes

BDS strikes at the heart of the Palestenian/Israel issue; Israel is technically in the Middle East, but it acts as though it isn't. Since its inception Israel pushed people out of their homes, dealt with their discontent militarily, and built walls around them. Now, when it needs interaction  it simply flies over these people to reach to sell / buy from the outside world. Well, that needs to stop. Boycotting Israeli goods is an effective way to do that. 

To reiterate: we are for a one state solution in Palestine.









