# Q&A - 12/11

Why are some people adamantly became opposed to Bitcoin lately?

Wealth concerns

When something like B$ threatening to replace entire currencies and is
rising in price so much, many might wonder "let's say I switch to B$
one day, what would my current wealth be worth in this new thing? I
didn't go in at 100, didn't go in at 500, nor 1000. Will I have to go
in at 1 mil? My wealth will be worth nothing!!" This is a legitimate
concern. But I am guessing B$ price at the time will offer
"proportionate wealth" because most people will go in at that moment.

When and why to go in? That decision will be similar to the decision
to sign up on Facebook: because most of your friends are there.

Question

If I lose my bank card, I could to the bank, they recognize me from
ID, give me another card. But if I lose my B$ password I lose
everything. The bank provides me a service.

There is a similar service - it's called Dropbox

I could put my password file on any file service, Google Drive,
Dropbox. Pass forgotten? Go to the file service and look it up. If DB,
GD pass itself is forgotten there are mechanisms to get that back -
cell phone, Q&A, etc.

Question

A gentlemen named Craig Wright claimed he was the inventor of
Bitcoin. Is he right?

It is likely

There was some contraversy around this, CW could not reproduce some
keys to prove he was Satoshi, but maybe he lost them (Dropbox!). He
came across sort of forgetful / mad-scientist throughout this ordeal,
and one looks at Satoshi's writings, he is a very deliberate, careful
person - but ppl can be different at work related issues, and somewhat
different on minutea... Plus I profile CW as High Horse - in the
positive HH is dealing with some very highly unorthodox ideas, and
Bitcoin certainly qualifies in that regard. Then there is his use of
some words hinting at certain English education, like "colour" and
dude is Australian. Someone who knows the guy well says he likes
Japanese culture - hence the fake name. On and on.

Question

In previous blog post u talked about nationalism. What other problems
await nationalism in these post-modern times?

Leaders from the fringes

<a name='modi'/>

This is a huge potential problem. Say all you want about the
"establishment" but they know one thing well - how to adjust the
nationalist message, laughing at its shortcomings in private, ignoring
its warts and calibrating its outside face. But the guy from the
fringe is different: he received "the teaching" through something akin
to the reverse / bizarro telephone game, by the time the message got
to him its connection to the originators became weaker and weaker but
the literal content became stronger. The fringer took this teaching
seriously, he drank the Kool-Aid. He drank that shit something fierce
too, bottoms up, after it was done he was still shaking that shit for
that last drop, mouth wide open.. Yeah.. he drank it all.

He drank the Kool-Aid, and then when by some dumb luck he is power he
is not able to tune the message in it, defeating its purpose
completely. The fringer offends, ignores interest groups, is
insensitive, and unknowingly sows the seeds of chaos. Take Modi in
India for instance - an outsider, and his belief Hindu nationalism is
crass and offensive I hear. The things previous leaders would ignore
this guy takes too seriously. Why? Because he drank the Kool-Aid.

The second way the nation-state can be harmed by the outsider is when
outsider feels himself illegitimate. If nations are defined
culturally, and leaders need to be the embodiment of that culture,
what if the outsider feels himself unfit of the current culture? Then
the outsider can try to create a new culture so he can be the
embodiment of that. But there is a problem, nation-states can have
only one culture, the ppl attached to the old one will not change, so
now there are two national cultures competing. This won't work,
especially in these post-modern times where information flows in all
directions not just top-down, so there will be unnecessary
conflict. But that conflict can even lead to civil war and the
eventual break-up of the nation-state.

Like I said before, the solution is turning the volume down at the
highest levels, paying lip service to the current canon but mostly
ignoring it, and completely ignoring the parts that are not relevant.

Question

What are some examples for this tuning for US?

The Mexican migration

Mexicans moving in the border regions near Mexico in US and not
assimilating is a legitimate concern. "One culture" is still relevant
here. A gov can take steps to discourage that kind of unskilled
migration. But do you have to go around cursing out Mexicans at the
highest levels of government? No. Do you have to kick out people who
are already integrated in the society?













