# Q&A - 17/11
Is the universe inherently random because quantum mechanics says so

It says no such thing

The Copenhagen interpretation of QM makes that claim. Most Quantum Mechanics popularizes we see and hear on media follow the Copenhagen or the Many-World interpretation of QM. This interpretation is not the only one. All the weird results we hear originate from these two interpretations.

Another interpretation, pilot wave theory, explains exact same experiments (e.g. the double-slit experiment) without the funkiness. Schrodinger's cat issue is non-existent for PWT. Quantum computation still is possible, I think, bcz all three theories explain the same experiment results of which quantum computation would be one.

Why so many follow CQM then? Copenhagen QM allowed researchers to compute very easily, it also came first, and beyond that, the researchers really did not ask many questions. There is a certain lazyness if you ask me the way scientists avoid the deeper questions in this field. But they have been chasing their tail in so many other fields as well; as in String Theory.

PWT is deterministic, none of that "when measurement is made wave collapses then we see the electron, until then it goes through both slits".

David Bohm (died in 1992) did most of the recent work on PWT.  He is famous for saying "when students first take quantum mechanics they find they can't understand it and about a year later they say there's nothing to understand because it's just a system of computation".

Sheldon Goldstein is the current standard-bearer on the theory stateside.

Einstein was always uncomfortable with Copenhagen QM and he encouraged research on PWT.
He nagged at Niels Bohr for decades, he bugged him with thought experiments, Bohr answered, until his death apparently, a piece of formula found on his study's blackboard after is death was another Einstein question. He could be regularly heard in the hallways of this university mumbling "Einstein! Einstein!" after another curveball question.

PWT is deterministic but does not say randomness is completely removed from the world - there can be still place for that. Just not through flippin cats that are dead or alive, or electrons who are like just hangin out, doing whatever.

Although CQM did not originate in US, I believe it became a quitessential American phenomenon. Because 1) it lets one compute, something Americans like, action-oriented, you are "doing it" so forth 2) beyond computation there is bunch of mystery where you can go "woah duudeeee, the universe is so vast... So mysterious.. I'm blown away by it... "

Needless to say we need to get out of this mode of thinking. Mystery does not have to be confusing, and bullshit.

Comment

Despite vast increases in the time and money spent on research, progress is barely keeping pace with the past.

Partly true

The pace of inventions and developments is fantastic. But to the extent that they slowed down in areas, delusional thinking in big-think concepts like QM and String Theory are weighing everybody down.



Legislation



Let's build an energy efficient smart-grid



Useless



You don't need smart grid bcz there is a way to store and transport clean energy in huge amounts, with high energy density. Ammonia or hydrogen both fit the bill. I'd look at what EU and Japan are  doing. 



News



Scientists have created a molecule that can store solar energy for 18 years



Great



Matt Stoller



I don't know how to explain this, but something has always been a bit.. off about the left and about Democrats. There's not a sense that they are in charge or could be in charge. They don't even really believe they have the right to wield power [in reference to this]



So true



Forbes (2005)



In what the company has called a "bold experiment," Hummer has prepared a hydrogen-powered version of its H2 SUT (sport utility truck), the H2H. The vehicle is not intended for production [..] Hummer's parent, General Motors , owns the H2H and shares it with the office of the governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger.



GM made me a hydrogen hummah



GM has been at this for a while apparently. Stuff like this doesn't come out of nowhere.



EFF



When corporations get to decide how to balance their profits against public safety, you get things like @verizon throttling firefighters during an emergency.



Yikes



Wired



Lots of wind along with very dry vegetation turned the Northern California wildfire into a high-speed menace that tore through Paradise and Buttle County



Sad



.. and the climate inaction in US is completely the fault of centrist Democrats. 








at

November 17, 2018















