# Crowd Wisdom

[Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wisdom_of_the_crowd)

"At a country fair .. 800 people participated in a contest to estimate
the weight of a slaughtered and dressed ox. Statistician Francis
Galton observed that the median guess, 1207 pounds, was accurate
within 1% of the true weight of 1198 pound"

People already have built-in knowledge about the visual-look-weight
connection on many items, their guesses will have a certain amount of
noise associated, but then averaging many guesses will fix that
error. This makes sense.

"Can't we use the same idea for policy, like millions making policy?"

No. For judging the weight of something, we already have experience
there... During our lives we have handled, touched, carried things, so
looking at an object we can make weight guesses. The estimate will
have noise but it won't be far off from the truth which can be
corrected statistically.

The technique even works internally sometimes. Some call this "the
wisdom of the crowd within".

"[Researchers] asked participants for point estimates of continuous
quantities associated with general world knowledge, such as '[w]hat
percentage of the world's airports are in the United States?' [then]
half of the participants were immediately asked to make a second,
different guess in response to the same question [..t]he average of a
participant's two guesses was more accurate than either individual
guess"

But most people do not deal with, create policy throughout their
lives, so their estimates here are worthless. This is a
garbage-in-garbage-out situation. Averaging won't fix anything.

But averaging / combining the views of multiple policymakers who know
about policy .. hmm that could work. I have an idea - I'll call it the
*frickin parliament*, where multiple policymakers come together and
contribute to policymaking.. 

