# Tolay, National Narratives, Migrations, Anatolia

[Juliette Tolay](https://pennstate.pure.elsevier.com/en/publications/rewriting-national-narratives-through-the-study-of-past-migration)

The other important concept at stake when understanding the
constructed nature of the nation is the idea of a historical national
narrative and the control over the memory of the past, so as to either
‘protect’ or ‘create’ a certain idea of the nation. History plays
indeed a central role in the idea of nation, not only because of the
precedents that it documents, but also because of the central role
that history plays discursively in defining a common identity. Studies
of nation and nationalism have highlighted how the construction of
nations was predicated on framing particular events in the past in a
way that will highlight, if not create, the glorious past of a
particular group (Anderson, 1991; Gellner, 1983).  Historical events
and figures become a symbol and references of ‘who we are.’ So while
history can never be fully objective, the subjectivity of national
history is particularly strong. In Gellner’s words: ‘The cultural
shreds and patches used by nationalism are often arbitrary historical
inventions.[ ... ] The cultures [nationalism] claims to defend and
revive are often its own inventions, or are modified out of all
recognition’ (Gellner, 1983, p. 56). National historical narratives
involve processes of voicing and silencing particular events, in a
way that truly makes history a ‘social construction,’ constrained only
partially by the academic knowledge of what we know about this history
(Berger, Donovan, & Passmore, 2002). This intentional process of
construction of a national narrative is one that reflects more the
politics of the present than our knowledge of the past: ‘To write the
story of the nation demands that we articulate that archaic
ambivalence that informs modernity’ (Bhabha, 1990, p. 294). There are
many different ways in which national narratives are expressed (such
as films, literature, folk tales, myths and personal stories), but
here, following Laurie Brand, I am mostly concerned by the official
national narrative, that is ‘state-sanctioned and propagated’ (Brand,
2010, p. 84).

Turkish historiography offers a particularly interesting example of
such a construction of a ‘Turkish’ identity through inclusion and
exclusion of particular events (Çağ aptay, 2006).  There was no
self-perceived ‘Turkish nation’ before the nineteenth century. The
broader intentional and unintentional process of creating a Turkish
identity started indeed with the late Ottoman empire, and the
emergence of reformist and nationalist groups in the Empire (such as
the Young Ottomans in the last nineteenth century or the Young Turks
in the early twentieth century). Eventually, it peaked as the raison
d’être of the Turkish Republic after 1923, when it was taken to a more
radical, comprehensive and concrete level with Mustafa Kemal Ataturk’s
creation of a ‘Turkish state’ as a home of the ‘Turkish nation’
(Karpat, 2001).

Mustafa Kemal’s government engaged in an intentional and large-scale
project of writing history. In 1932, the First Turkish History
Congress was convened and the ‘Main themes of Turkish History’ were
presented, heavily relying on the ‘Turkish History Thesis.’ The
Turkish history thesis

>contended that the Turks were a great and ancient race [...]. In
>Central Asia, they had created a bright civilization around an inner
>sea. [...] When the inner sea dried up due to climatic changes, the
>Turks left their original home and moved in all directions to
>civilize the rest of the world. They went to China to the East; to
>India to the South; and to Egypt, Mesopotamia, Persia, Anatolia,
>Greece, and Italy to the West. (Çağaptay, 2006, p. 51)

[T]his formative period succeeded in creating a vision of the history
of Turkey that had to go back before the Ottoman Empire onto the
Central Asian origins of the Turkish people. In Turkey, talking about
‘our history’ means talking about the ‘history of the Turkish people,
moving from Central Asia to Anatolia,’ as opposed to a history of
Turkey’s territory, which would include the history of Anatolia before
the first Turkic tribes arrived around the turn of the
first-millennium CE and the broader history of the populations with
which these Turkic tribes mixed when they settled into Anatolia
(Greeks, Armenians, Assyrians, Arabs, Kurds, etc.). This vision, in
turn, would give a prominent place to some historical migrations, but
not to others. ...

[I] conducted semi-structured interviews with Turkish citizens between
2008 and 2013, to gauge the level of knowledge regarding immigration
into Turkey. During the interviews, it became clear that respondents
were aware of a number of migratory experiences in Turkish history,
but were not about others, or rather that others were not conceived as
a migratory experience. When appropriate, this information is
triangulated with secondary sources, the scholarly literature on this
topic, as well as a quick analytical overview of the official Turkish
history curriculum in primary and secondary education.

During the interviews, respondents generally affirmed that migration
has always played an important role in Turkish history. More
specifically, three migratory experiences came up regularly during the
interviews: (1) Turkish people have always been mobile, as nomadism
is their original way of life (roughly referring to Turk’s Central
Asian past), (2) Turkish people have welcomed many migrants and
accommodated the ensuing diversity (roughly referring to the Ottoman
Empire) and (3) Turkish people have also become migrants and exiles
themselves (roughly referring to the twentieth century).

According to respondents, the first experience with migration and
mobility that characterizes Turkish history is one that assumes a
fundamental relationship with mobility, having been a nomadic people
who have been on the move for centuries. Examples of such statements
are:

>The direction of Turkey for thousands of years has always been to move
>towards the West. We came from Central Asia to Vienna’s door, and now
>onto Western Europe and soon Brussels. 
>
>We came from Central Asia a thousand year ago. We come from a
>geography of migrations. This is who we are. 
>
>From a cultural perspective. Because of the migrations in Central
>Asia, you know, migration is something normal for us. 

And indeed, as was mentioned earlier, under the influence of the
‘Turkish History Thesis,’ Turkish students were taught about early
pre-historical, Neolithic migrations of the Turkish people, who had
earlier created and dispatched civilization to the four corners of the
world.  ... [this] overall image of early great Turkish migrations
became engrained in the Turkish consciousness: ‘This is a history
deeply conscious of its Asian origins, of its peregrination, and which
continuously expresses its intention to settle in Anatolia’ (my
translation, Copeaux, 1997, p. 230). The current social science and
history curriculum in primary and secondary education indicates that
Turkish migrations from Central Asia are covered pervasively in 6th,
9th and again in 11th grade, with an emphasis on both the nomadic way
of life and culture of the Turkic population, and the migration routes
they took up through Eurasia.

As was mentioned above, the creation of the idea of Turkish nation has
made extensive use of history as a means to instil a feeling of
uniqueness and commonality as a member of the Turkish nation. However,
there exist as well alternative narratives about this history, both at
home and abroad, especially among Turkey’s ethnic minorities (such as
among Greek, Armenian, Kurd and Assyrian citizens of Turkey) who do
not necessarily share the idea of ‘Central Asian origins.’ But even
these existing ‘minority’ narratives are not the only ones that can be
found in the wealth of historical knowledge available about the
history of Anatolia. ... But .. it seems obvious that the contemporary
Turkish population is a mix of Turkish and Anatolian populations.

The history of migration and settlement in Anatolia—or Asia Minor
—before the arrival of Turks ..  is a history of rich and
breath-taking civilizations occupying this strategically centred piece
of land situated between the Aegean, the Mediterranean and the Black
Sea, and opened on the East to Mesopotamia and the broader Eurasian
continent ...

And indeed, the Anatolia found by the first Turkish nomads was already
a formidable centre of cultural diversity. According to Hoerder:

>Asia Minor, Hellenized under Greek rule and Christianized by Byzantine
>emperors, had been the scene of both manifold involuntary population
>transfers and voluntary migrations involving numerous peoples:
>Christian refugees from Arab lands; Greek Cypriots; demobilized
>soldiers of Frankish, Russian, English, Norman, German, Bulgaric,
>Saracen, or Albanian background; as well as Kurdish, Georgian, Syrian
>and Armenian peoples. ...

The Persian dominance in Anatolia until Alexander the Great’s
conquests in 380 BCE had a great impact on the political structure of
the area (satrap system), but did not fundamentally alter the
overwhelmingly Hellenic culture of Anatolia. In spring 334 BCE,
Alexander crossed the Dardanelles and undertook the conquest of
Anatolia (Strassler, Romm, Mensch, & Cartledge, 2010, pp. 2–54). A
number of Hellenistic kingdoms (Pergamum, Lycia, Bithynia, Galatia,
Pontus, Cappadocia) succeeded to the Empire of Alexander the Great,
with the Greek Seleucid Empire dominating most of Anatolia. In the
east, the Armenian kingdom was established reaching the Caspian,
Black Sea and Mediterranean Sea (Mossé et al., 2005). ...

There seems to be three complementary explanations to why specific
migratory experiences have been included or excluded in Turkey
national narrative. One is about the ‘homogeneity’ requirement of
nationalist discourses: nationalism is typically conceived around a
single identity and a single ancestor. In many European nation-states,
the national narrative tends to ignore or undermine the role played by
past migrations as a source of diversity. In contrast, in the case of
Turkey, the single, ‘homogenous’ ancestor is constructed as the
migrant, the Central Asian nomad that came to Anatolia, and who
seemingly did not mix with local population; hence, the need to reject
pre-Turkish Anatolian migrations as not being part of Turkey’s history

Turkish people tend to be proud of their experiences as migrants and
as hosts of immigrants (Tolay, 2014). However, such normative
appreciation of the history of Turks and migration is also based on a
truncated view of history, that tends to ignore or silence narratives
emphasizing negative experience with migration, such as the history of
forced migration over the last millennium of Turkish history. The
history of migrations outlined above offers a glimpse into what an
alternative, more comprehensive, national narrative could look like.
What is troubling about the current truncated national narrative is
that it ignores a rich history of migration that does not refer to
negative experience, and could be a source of pride: pre-Turk
Anatolian migrations tell a formidable history of humanity that
connects today’s population of Turkey (including self-perceived ethnic
Turks who are likely to be of mix origins) to a succession of
successful civilizations and enriching migrations. Recasting Turkey’s
history by affirming that Turkey today is the [marginal] descendant of
both the history of Turkic tribes from Central Asia and people who had
immigrated to Anatolia before them could be a great opportunity to
reconcile the diverse identities of Turkey today, while claiming the
glorious past of some the oldest and greatest civilizations.

On the other hand, rehabilitating the history of forced migration,
because of its negative connotation, is somewhat more problematic,
albeit more essential. There are indeed many arguments showing how the
continuous denial of past violence is harmful and
counter-productive. Not only does such denial silences, disempowers
and denies closure to populations that are victim of such (forced)
migrations, but it also has a deep negative impact on the broader
population. Göçek, using Giesen and Zerabuvel, shows how denial of
collective violence also creates a trauma for the perpetrating
society, as it distorts the relationship to reality, challenges
notions of ethics and morality and normalizes violence in the
society. Hence, from denial of collective violence stems autocratic
tendencies and lack of democracy (Göçek, 2015). ‘Only when we
understand and come to terms with such collective violence embedded in
all of our pasts can we create a better future for our descendants’
(Göçek, 2015, p. 478). Accordingly, recognizing a violent past can be
significantly rewarding. Being sober, modest, self-critical, and
eventually true-to-one’s values, is indeed a great feature to gain and
showcase. Germany is typically used as a successful example of a
country that has gained reputation and a healthier relationship with
democracy through its recognition of guilt (Olick, 2007). In addition,
recognizing that the victims are an integral part of the nation (by
recognizing their history as well) can also help mitigate the
recognition of past violence, by seeing the nation as being
simultaneously perpetrator and victim.

