# Right Acting Left

Right can adapt left politics too, but does not refer to it
excessively. Did this happen in history before?

Yes. By a party who called itself **Na**tionalso**zi**alistisch.
National socialists of Germany.

"But that's an old debate, later conservatives said 'look Nazis were
also socialist to bash the left"

Yes yes.. I know all the twists and turns of that polemic... But the
fact remains, fascists did enact left policies sometimes. It should
not be surprising, they are trying to help people! (then organize them
to kill others, but that's later).

From *Hitler's True Believers*, "Insofar as Hitler had fixed ideas at
the end of the Great War in 1918, high on the list was nationalism, in
spite of the aspersions cast against it by mutinous sailors and
rebellious soldiers tired of the fighting. Some aspects of what became
his doctrine or ideology stemmed from the cluster of ideas,
resentments, and passions widely shared in Germany at that time. His
views and those of his comrades also reflected the fact that Germany
was already a nation with a great deal of egalitarianism baked into
its political culture.  Almost without exception, the Nazis emphasized
all kinds of socialist attitudes, to be sure a socialism 'cleansed' of
international Marxism and communism. Indeed, when he looked back from
1941, Hitler said of the NSDAP in the 1920s that '90 ninety percent of
it was made up by left-wing people.' He also thought it was 'decisive'
that he had recognized early in his career that solving the social
question was essential, and he insisted that he hated the closed world
in which he grew up, where social origins determined a person’s
chances in life.

That Germany on the eve of Hitler’s appointment as chancellor in
January 1933 continued to have a socialist-oriented political culture
can be illustrated by pointing to the last free elections of the
Weimar Republic the previous November. No less than 71.6 percent of
the vote went to parties with 'socialist' or 'communist' in their
titles"

[Link](https://www.econlib.org/how-socialist-was-national-socialism/)

"Fascism developed the Italian social security system, aimed at a
comprehensive restructuring of the relationships between factors of
production in a 'corporatist' fashion, and nationalized banks and
businesses. The second feature of the regime did not survive its end
(though one may argue that its legacy has long impacted the Italian
economy). But some version of social security and nationalized banks
and companies did"

Here's how it works; shit goes bad. Existing structures fail to help.
New leaders rise to fill the void, run the gamut around left and
right, left bcz ppl need it, but ultimately the nationalist part which
is incompatible spills over its borders, war ensues.

Nationalists do not use the L word bcz during 40s it is associated
with internationalism, or [shudder], Jews! It's not used now, but they
blow smoke up your ass with the word "populism" bcz Reaganism has been
banging on the other word decades.

But action speaks louder than words. Trump did promise not to touch
social security, Medicare, and promised to end wars during the 2016
campaign.

The moral of the story is existing parties, cover all bases, help as
much as possible bcz if all fails, then you get national socialism.
