# Bedazzled by Tech

This post started with @internetofshit commenting on an NYT article
titled "The Tech That Might Help Cyclists and Cars Coexist
Safely'. @internetofshit comment was "i promise you it's not more tech
in cars that'll make things safer for cyclists. it's ... fewer cars".

I realized there is an entire style of writing seen among certain type
of ppl that can be summed up as as "technobabbling centrism". 

<img width="340" src="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=14Fl6uV19HHddajmfakTs2RfRXutp_2l4"/>

This slant of worldview had a certain pull on Dems, first due to its
shiny effect, but also from another direction.. Politics, as a job, is
mainly knowledge work. It deals with information, decision, having to
adjust to an existing canon (the law).. All that cld pull them towards
financiers, Silicon Valley honchos, etc.

Technical knowledge is good of course, we want technically aware
lawmakers, like LBJ was in his heyday (the Apollo Moon program was his
idea), but if this turns into a *class conciousness*, we have a big
problem. Low income ppl lose representation, and Dems lose power bcz
white collar, aflluent folk, forming a mere 20% + concentrated in big
cities, cannot be of help in deciding most elections.

If 3W ppl are influential, then, potential problem, the needs of this
crowd not connecting with the general population; White collar ppl
have skills, are on demand. Lots of my past / present collegues /
coworkers are like this, tech talented, so they are always
employed. Then who cares if healthcare is tied to your job? They
always have a job!

“But wouldn’t the presence of white-collar folk be a sign of Third
Wave and within that they could be considered as a class? After all
Second Wave had the blue collar workers and they were a class”. 3W
development is nowhere near that yet.. Its arrival is choppy,
representation in terms of people power not too high.

The tendency to conflate tech with other things is high. Globalization
has nothing to do with tech yet half-brained imbeciles kept doing this
all throughout the 90s. Toffler didn’t care much about globalization,
nor the latest gizmo of the day.

Bight-shiny-object-ism is also used, very adaptly, by corporate
Democrats, to deflect from econ issues along with 4G
(Guns-Gays-God-Green faux issues). The one-party apparatus required
such smoke-and-mirrors, to generate the presence of disagrement, while
aggreeing pretty much on everything. Dont have healtcare? “dynamic
price discovery, Moore’s law, synergy between hardware and software
blah blah”. There. You have your answer. This is boat load of
nonsense.

“Isn’t flipped classroom a mere tech paint?”. It is not. when we apply
tech, it needs to cause structural change. New ed method should
replace teachers. It doesn’t, say, add an electronic blackboard to an
existing classroom, while changing nothing in the structure.

With the latter there is still teacher, a dumbass, with questionable
teaching ability and skill, with students having to listen throughout
a lecture that is delivered right there (miss it, too bad).

“Solutions” like this are based on half-assed understanding of the
possibilities offered by tech. Newt used to babble this shit all the
time; he’ll sit in front of a chatroom while in Congress, takes
“input” from people, while technobabbling about it “dynamic price
discovery, Moore’s law, synergy between hardware and software blah
blah”. This is not helpful tech. The singular Speaker of the House in
front of a chatroom is a non-change. If anything you have overloaded
this person, with unnecessary input which adds to the noise not
signal. Chatroom is full of trollers, they are jumping and down and
screaming, adding nothing to the conversation.

Third Wave tech can overwhelm Second Wave institutions. IMO to provide
some sort of sanity before the ultimate shift, politicians need to cut
off the extra noise, go the extra mile to do that, otherwise the
central institutions will be bombarded. Remove even the smallest
direct democracy practices, along with referandums, making the whole
process to go through representatives. Remember the California recall
election circus?

The waves are like oil and water. They cannot mix. Until the shift,
industrial democracy needs to proceed within its limits and its proven
tools.




