# Q&A - 3/5
Do what you are good at [I am guessing he is being contrarian against the advice "do what you are passionate about"]

Depends

Every personality is different; can we drop these one-size-fits-all adages pah-lease? This (successful) actor making the comment is shaped by two attributes, Less Perfect, and I Am CRM; the former gives the native great expressive power, but must abstain from seeking perfection. The latter's weakness is always trying to be right, these people need to move away from constantly trying to be right and listen to others (and not listen to their gut, approach things through theoretical foundations, etc. etc). So a combination of these would push this actor to work with others, express himself, etc. This person, then, is at an optimal place given his profile attributes, one could say this is what he likes to do. Passion, as in "that burning desire on a subject matter that pushes a person do whatever", might not be there for him, but he is still doing what likes to do.

Kevin Costner, on the other hand, said once that he so wanted to be involved in movies that "he could even be a garbage man, but the garbage he picked up had to be movie garbage". Costner's profile carries hints of expressive power as well, but for this type the native feels a need to express. His profile gives him passion, or liking a subject and his job in a way that is compatible with his profile.

In general I would not shoot down passion too early, in whichever form it might manifest itself. It will get you through a lot of setbacks, hardships while creating.  That's what the 3W economy expects us to do right - be creative, create stuff, in tech, in human relations, in art?

Comment

So listening or not listening to your gut also depends on a person's profile

Exactly

Just like we can't give one-liner advices on "be selfish", or "don't be selfish", or any other jackass adages you might think of, we cannot tell people to listen or not to listen to their gut either. Some people absolutely should not.

Report

Before the [basic income] pilot program [in Namibia], 42 percent of children in the village were malnourished. Now the proportion of malnourished children has dropped significantly, to 10 percent.

The village school reported higher attendance rates and that the children were better fed and more attentive. Police statistics showed a 36.5 percent drop in crime since the introduction of the grants. Poverty rates declined from 86 percent to 68 percent (97 percent to 43 percent when controlled for migration). Unemployment dropped as well, from 60 percent to 45 percent, and there was a 29 percent increase in average earned income, excluding the basic income grant. These results indicate that basic income grants can not only alleviate poverty in purely economic terms, but may also jolt the poor out of the poverty cycle, helping them find work, start their own businesses, and attend school.

Nice

Comment

If you want to set off and develop some new thing, you don't need millions of dollars of capitalization. You need enough pizza and Diet Coke to stick in your refigrator, a cheap PC to work on and the dedication to go through with it.

Right

Comment

[Adding on the comment above] Harder truth: If you want to develop some new thing, you need the privilege of enough wealth to live without income.

Right Also

News

Who's downloading pirated papers? Everyone

Yep

News

Woman takes #2 on her boss' desk after winning the lottery

Ouch

News
Kim Jong-un bans all weddings, funerals and freedom of movement in North Korea

TARFU

This guy finally lost it - I profiled him and he is on the negative in all aspects, an indication things in this country will go from bad to worse, from TARFU to FUBAR. The Chinese will have to invade, one way or another, and put this guy out of his misery.










at

May 03, 2016















