# Q&A - 11/7

If a country does not have full labor participation, then should we limit hours worked so everyone gets a fair chance, as in France? They have 35 hour work-week limitation.

No

(Nearly) full freedom for businesses, direct help to people - that should be the approach. By help I mean direct help, not this indirect bitchy little bitch help that amounts to nothing.

French 35 hour work week failed to increase employment. The economy is too complex for anyone to place such restrictions and expect a result.

Question

If government involvement in healthcare can be helpful, should a country follow the British model where gov runs hospitals?

No

They drew the line between public and private in the wrong place. I am tired of hearing the Brit PM reporting how long or short the "waiting times", "waiting lines" are at hospitals at every PMQ (PMQ is Prime Minister's Questions, that rowdy parliament thing where Brits grill their PM every week).

Gov-funded health insurance is enough -  this is the area with the most non-market demands placed on it, solve it, you solve healthcare. Buying insurance is not like buying ketchup. I can pick and choose different ketchup, but at the end of the day the choice won't matter much, it's just ketchup.

NYT

When it comes to health care coverage, House Speaker Paul Ryan says, “We’re going to have a free market, and you buy what you want to buy,” [..] But this is often impossible. And what Republicans, and many Democrats, forget to stress, is that in a totally free market health care system, you must be willing to let some patients die.

As an emergency medicine physician in a busy urban hospital, I have patients brought to me unconscious several times a day. [..] Most dismaying for me as a physician is that after all of my attempts to apply my compassion and training to save their lives, all three of these patients told me some variant of: “Thanks for what you’re doing, but I would rather that you hadn’t.” Even the man with the brain bleed, who certainly would have died without our immediate intervention, expressed dismay. [.. H]e told me that while he did not have health insurance, he did have life insurance. He said he would rather have died and his family gotten that money than have lived and burdened them with the several-hundred-thousand-dollar bill, and likely bankruptcy, he was now stuck with.

Tragic

.. and completely fixable, with available tools of today. Yes individual mandate is a stupid idea and Obamacare is an overengineered piece of shit, but you need to go forward from there, not backward.


Question

I am British and I am at a loss after Brexit.. What should I do?

Close your eyes and think of England













