# The Next Decade, Friedman

<a name='eurasia'/>

Eurasia

The American interest in Eurasia—understood as Russia and the European
peninsula—is the same as U.S. interest everywhere: for no single power
or coalition to dominate. The unification of Russia and Europe would
create a force whose population, technological and industrial
capability, and natural resources would at the very least equal
America’s, and in all likelihood outstrip them.

Germany

[From The Next Decade] History had placed Germany on the north of the
North European Plain, an area with a few rivers to serve as defenses,
but some of the most productive parts of this new nation-state were on
the opposite bank of the Rhine, completely unprotected. To the west
was France. To the east was Russia. Both had enjoyed the centuries
when Germany was fragmented and weak, but now there was a frightening
new Germany, economically the most dynamic country in Europe, with a
powerful military and with a deep sense of insecurity.

Germany in turn was frightened by its neighbors’ fears. Germany’s
leaders knew their nation could not survive if it was attacked
simultaneously by France and Russia. They also believed that at some
point such an attack would come, because they understood how
intimidating they appeared to their neighbors. Germany could not
permit France and Russia to start a war at the time or place of their
choosing, and thus Germany, driven by its own fear, devised a strategy
of preemption coupled with alliances.

Europe in the twentieth century was defined by these fears, which,
being imposed by geography, were both rational and unavoidable [..]

Both world wars were launched according to a single scenario: Germany,
insecure because of its geographical position, swept across France in
a lightning attack. The goal in both cases was to defeat France
quickly, then deal with Russia. In 1914, the Germans failed to defeat
France quickly, the troops dug in, and the conflict became a
protracted war. The Germans found themselves fighting France, Britain,
and Russia simultaneously in both the east and the west.

Poland

The Poles have suffered in direct relation to the strategic importance
of their location, bordering both Germany and Russia and occupying the
North European Plain, which extends like a thoroughfare from the
French Atlantic coast to St. Petersburg. The other eastern European
countries share the Polish view, but they are geographically safer,
behind the Carpathian Mountains.

Exposed on either side, Poland will have little choice but to go along
with whatever the Germans and Russians decide, which would be
disastrous for the United States. It is therefore in the American
interest to guarantee Poland’s independence from Russia and Germany,
not only formally but by creating a viable and vibrant Polish economy
and military that can serve as the model and driver for the rest of
eastern Europe. Poland is the historical bone in the throat of both
Germany and Russia, and it is in the American interest to make sure
that it is firmly lodged there. A Poland aligned with Germany is a
threat to Russia, and the reverse is true as well. Poland must remain
a threat to both, because the United States cannot let either feel too
secure.

Over the next ten years, an American relationship with Poland would
serve two functions: it might prevent or limit the Russo-German
entente, but failing that, it could create a counterbalance. The
United States urgently needs Poland, because there is no alternative
strategy for balancing an alliance between Russia and Germany.

