# Q&A - 30/11

Question

How do US Zionist-Christians who are goading all Jews to Israel find
such wide-spread acceptance?

Not exactly 

For a while they were heard / listened to more than their idiotic
argument deserved. But these people are actually patsies themselves -
they were maneuvered into this position because they had the right
mentality. They were "needed" in a certain ideological and strategic
context, so they were put out there getting preferential
treatment. The strategic environment is this; Iran is out of the
"system", they have an anti-Israel rhetoric, then there is Israel's
own beligerence that drew ire from all Arabs all of which causes US to
defend them. In this context, Christian-Zionist patsies are "plugged
in" to bridge the so-called religious right with the rest of the
establishment. It is easy to push forward idiots like this - one
speech here one there, few think-tanks, couple "conservative" thinkers
repeating this non-sense; soon theirs will be the only voice you'll
hear. Stranger things have happened.

Question

What is your favorite song?

My Biznitch Is The Shiznit

Question

Seriously?

No

Seriously; It is Burn, by Deep Purple.  

Question

Why do a lot of rappers in videos talk or sing towards the camera?

It represents something

Conciously or subconciously, rappers in these videos represent / act
the part of a black man in jail - the camera eye then becomes the tiny
hole you, the viewer or in general "the white man" looks at them, at
the "brother in lock-up", and they are protesting, they are in your
face. There is a lot of expression there, it is truly art.

Note: Wikipedia: According to Michelle Alexander, the United States
"imprisons a larger percentage of its black population than South
Africa did at the height of apartheid".















