# Q&A - 14/9

Democrats are divided on whom to support for prez elections.

Get Gore

This guy is one the most knowledgeable politicians on technology and related policy. When the NSA s..tstorm  started, he came out of the shadows and bslapped, hard. No questions, no ifs and buts. None of that "on one hand.. but  on the other hand" business.  This is the guy u need for a painless transition to 3rd Wave structures and policies. Plus he can win an election... Hell, he has already done it once!  

The only problem is Gore can come across as unnatural. But.. here is the thing on that; G. is typed as INTJ, and coincidentally (!) two of the most well-known artificial lifeforms portrayed  on TV and movies, Brent Spiner (Data) and my man Ahhnuld (T1000) have been INTJs themselves in real life. This type always get a bad-rep in US, one way or another. Out of the two Silicon Valley movies that came out recently for example, The Social Network and The Internship, on Facebook and Google respectively, it was Facebook and its founder who came out looking like a weirdo. Google got off easy. Why? Both Google founders are P types, they can flow better with their surroundings (i.e. reporters, public), fit in social situations easier, and even though they are introverts, they do not come accross as weirdos.  Zuckerberg.. is the robot. I remember one  reporter's comment after  an interview with him, she was like, "his eyebrows do not move", as if reporting on some freak show.  Does everyone need to be like everyone else? What's with the constant judging?  

Gore: okay  he  comes across as some kind of Southern Terminator. But that's how they are supposed to look, man. He is not a natural, on stage, on whereever; then The Integrators make sure he is out on front, he is preselected, not some other loser. No he did not invent the Internet, but he found the funding that made Mosaic browser possible. U make sure this is known. This kind of stuff, experience, has to count for something.

US elections became a kind of high-school popularity contest, and the  system is paying the price for it, especially these days because the times when your average NY Times reader could become a president and still make the right shots is ovah. Now countries need effin maestros in the big chair. The lower ranks of the Integrators might bitch and moan because 'oh he knows the workings of the state really well  and he is gonna bslap us every day'; But it's better for you, in the long run, as well as everyone else. 

Question

Oil production problems?.. But oil production numbers seem to be fine. And  OPEC says...

OPEC Lies

OPEC countries have the incentive to inflate their numbers. And unsurprisingly, they do.

Question

Why is the  talk always about peak, as in peak oil?

The rest is unimportant

Strategicos dont care about the day when "oil runs out" because by then everyone would have switched to something else already. By then price of oil could be $0, noone would care, there would be no demand. Peak is the important time, and hence the need to detect it (as Hubbard has done for US), because after that, it is about a shrinking pie, and there is always conflict about sharing such things, right? 













