# Q&A - 28/10
Shouldnt coutries aspire to become effective / forceful / as they were used to be / as they want to be?

Why? 

Russians had the U.S.S.R, India had its empire, China had the Middle Kingdom, Italians had Rome. There are nationalists in power in the first three - and they all want to be "powerful", whatever that means... Newly arrived powers, drunk off oil money, want to make "waves" as well such as Qatar.

But, is being effective and controlling for the sake of being effective and controlling the optimal way to behave? People will want what they want, and in the 21st century they dont care which distant capital wants them to want. No matter what Putin does, he cant seem to stop Ukraine from moing away from his orbit. Qatar wants to be "effective", so they flex some muscle trying to exert influence, I guarantee you, just for the sake of doing so -- they finance peasant Islam all over the globe, i.e. in Libya they are funding Ansar al-Sharia contributing to the instability in that country (surely their arch rival Saudis havent been saints either). What is the purpose of this? Just so you can get your guy in there, and feel all good about it, because you have some sort of control in a distant country? What happens to the people living in that country? Even worse, what happens if you fail, and people of that country hold you responsible for the mayhem you caused them? What happens to your influence then? 

Shouldnt influence be a natural result of how much a country can help another? This is true soft-power; maybe it is the absence of it that makes it even better... that ppl want the counsel, friendship of a another country, because they have something to gain.

Creating win/win situations, not for just one segment of another country, but the totality of it, is key.








at

October 28, 2014















