# Q&A - 30/10

Would it be better if Israel disappeared from Middle East?

No

It would be better if they stayed.  Maybe that is a punishment of sorts, I dont know.. But, here is a country with an educated middle-class who possesses scientific / technological expertise - great.  Spread some of that European science, that which you took from the continent before your unfortunate departure.  It would help  Middle East in a major way.

Question

Are you for two-state solution in Israel?

No

We are for a one-state solution in Israel. A solution that includes all Palestenians and Jews in the same country. Just the same way  we'd like to see countries not breaking up, we'd like to see a contiguous landmass for Israel that has Palestenians as first-class citizens. Current situation in terms of territory does not look manageable to me. Just take a look at the recent borders: this map looks like crap. Seriously, it looks like someone rolled down their pants, took a shit, and the patterns on the floor would look like this. How did things degenerate so badly?

Here is an article describing the days not long ago:

During the 1980s and ’90s, tens of thousands of Palestinians from the West Bank and Gaza Strip worked in Israel. They learned Hebrew and built relations with their Israeli employers. They watched Israeli television (there was little else available), and many developed a cautious but unmistakable admiration for Israeli politics and public accountability. When Palestinians talked of building a state, it was not uncommon to hear members of their elite refer to Israel as a model. They witnessed the robust (sometimes brutal) nature of public discourse in Israel, and many liked what they saw.

In turn, Israelis would venture on weekends into the West Bank, where they would get their cars fixed, shop for vegetables and snack on plates of unparalleled hummus. They attended weddings of their Palestinian employees and their children. Some Israelis and Palestinians even went into business together.

The relationship between the two peoples was hardly that of equals. It had a colonial quality not unlike that along much of the American border with Mexico. But when the guy repairing your balcony did not show up for work because of a closure of the West Bank and could not earn his pay, his deprivation meant something to you, as an Israeli. You knew him; you trusted him; you knew about his family. And when you, a Palestinian worker, saw your Israeli employer’s mother growing ill, you understood his anguish. You knew the woman; you liked her.

When the Oslo peace process fell apart in 2000 and a Palestinian uprising erupted, the common wisdom that quickly developed was that the two nations needed not greater intimacy but complete separation.
Then terror attacks in Israel started, but instead of deepening integration making Israel into a non-Jewish non-nationalist state, Israeli  elite got scared, and built a wall. As a result  the bombs are now coming over the wall into Israeli homes instead of a random attack at a cafe. The problem was shifted but not solved.
















