# Q&A - 12/10

If you are a violent misogynist, you will find plenty in your
 scriptures to justify your beliefs. If you are a peaceful, democratic
 feminist, you will also find justification in the scriptures for your
 point of view.

Partly true

Mostly the problem is reading stuff out of context; there is a passage in Koran for example that says "it is okay to push people out of their homes", but the pretext for the passage is  if they push you out of yours; So it is like.. dont be stupid. Dont do bad stuff, but dont get pushed around either.. Is that so extraordinarily weird? Surely the statement of Jesus with the use of sword had a similar context (about self-defense). 

Aslan is generally correct tho a lot of a person's environment plays into his interpretation of religion. A peasant's Buddhism will be different from a city-dweller's Buddhism. Some African Christians and Muslims still practice some backward-ass customs, not because of their scripture, but because of their environment. Ditto for Taliban and ISIS which represent peasant Islam at its worst, and hence, need to be dealt with. 

Nassim Taleb

Learning about risk from an academic is like learning about flying from an airport ice cream vendor.

Nice 

.. and learning about financial crisis from an ex-trader is like learning the alphabet from the fish.

Whassup! 

Here is another go at what is wrong with Black Swan: Taleb and the likes  keep looking at history in very short intervals. Taleb's trader background might be the problem here. So let's say at year 1, no crisis, year 2, 3, .. no crisis. Year 4,5, still not crisis.. Their mind resets at each year, clean slate, every time.  But then there is a crisis at year 10, then, Oh my God! It's a BLACK SWAN!! So unexpected. Dude! Where is my car?!!

If one looks at the last 60 years, it is obvious there is a crisis about every 10 years. No need for any "outlier" type explanation. 

Climate Change: Deniers look at a very short interval (i.e. "last year") and some vague average they remember from their childhood and say "this winter was colder than usual", missing the fact that the overall trend for global warming is up.

Another: Some look at recent oil price fall and conclude there is no peak oil and oil prices are in "down trend", missing the fact that the price of oil used to be $20-$30 during the 90s, whereas today it is stilll above $80 / barrel.

The Economist

[paraphrasing] Poor countries (such as India) should not have space programs

Well..

It is a fair point - but a successful space program can spur innovation, inspire people, so its benefits can far outweigh its costs. Also, AFAIK the Indian shuttle was made on the cheap, around $80 mil, wasnt it?














