# Q&A - 23/3
When he spoke about his new film, which is set four years after the 
Battle of Gallipoli, Crowe said that at Gallipoli “Australia invaded a 
sovereign nation” and it was time to stop celebrating the mythology of 
Gallipoli. “You know, I think, after 100 years, it’s time to 
expand that mythology. And I think we should be mature enough as a 
nation to take into account the story that the other blokes have to 
tell. You know, um, because we did invade a soveign nation that we’s 
never had an angry word with.

Exactly

The Galipoli loss, for some reason, became part of the Aussie national identity. Brits told them to go there and fight, why the frack else would they be half way around the world near a country they had no quarrel with? Good thing some ppl started to challenge this nationalistic non-sense.

Question

Why do US governments refer to what happened to Armenians during WWI as "Medz Yeghern" which means "the great calamity" in Armenian?

It's a middle ground

This is a word that tries to balance political correctness with keeping a NATO ally happy with keeping Armenians (somewhat) satisfied, just so all parties can avoid that bad word genocide.

Question

What happened to Armenians during the WWI in [today's] Eastern Turkey?

Bad things

Noone knows officially, but knowing the barbaric system the Ottomans had at the time, one could guess. A lot of people know someone, who knows someone, who has a relative who witnessed something. I know that my own great grandfather, living in a city near Black Sea at the time, hid away some Armenian families in a mosque that were running away from the "security forces". Why were these people running away? Surely not for tax evasion.

Such events are not constrained to one specific time frame either. Before WWI, Sultan Hamid II, a paranoid, genocidal maniac (an average Ottoman sultan that is) actually started the whole trend, a "pre-Medz Yeghern" if you will. He created an army of Kurds in Eastern provinces who were let loose on the villages in the area causing a bunch of mayhem, the strategy was about keeping away the Russian influence, but the end result  was famine, death for those villages, and mostly for Armenians. During WWI things only "got faster" and bigger; the nature of the process did not change. 

This is the kind of thing The Integrators or their "descendants" today have to own up to. Guy on the street will not have that first hand data, the final piece of information needed for an apology. It was Willy Brandt who dropped on the knee for that grand gesture, wasn't it?

Guy from Turkey

[Talking at the table next to me, at a restaurant, in Berlin] I was talking to a German who served in the air force and he said he did not know about the Holocaust at the time. How could he not? [Then he comes to the Armenian "issue"] You know we could not have done it.. I don't think the government at the time could have managed such a thing..

Hah

Judging from the accent guy is an Istanbulite, a regular dipshit who is long on opinions and short on everything else. In this case he is using a sort of reverse-Orientalism suggesting Ottomans could not have pulled off such an event because it takes planning to do so. 

Well, first of all, it doesn't take that much to kill that many people. Hell, even the Romans managed to kill half a million in Dacia (today's Romania) and another half a million in Carthege in ancient times. It's barbaric, but easy.

Second of all, what would the Air Force know what the ground forces are up to? How the f--k do these people think 20th century industrialism was organized like? The system of boxes and channels, top-down hieararchies; this is what these people do. Compartmentalization, controlling information flow is a natural outgrowth of this piece of shit system. As we say in software, it's not a bug, it's a feature. Remember Valkyrie - who decided the fate of the coup? The guy at the information center who decide to route messages from one side instead of another.

Romanian girl

They say in my country, "Italian women are beautiful. Half of them are from Romania"

Wonder where that saying came from








at

March 24, 2015















