# Q&A - 28/3
Why was the Germanwings pilot depressed?

He was in the wrong job

Lubitz's character shows a propensity for creative thinking, coupled with some eccentricity,  ability to achieve things in terms of knowledge, that is, on the abstract not on the concrete. If such ppl are pushed into areas where they have to be regular, ordinary, and consistent, conforming to someone else's procedures, there will be a problem. It is amazing he got as far as he did  actually. There are also other attributes that signal order/chaos division in character, so.. he was completely in the wrong job. 

The accident shows  also why jobs should not be mandatory for everyone; Lubitz probably became a pilot because "it pays well", and everyone must "have a job". With the automation capacity of the current world, this is irrelevant. Auto-pilot could fly and land that plane easily [1], and do a better job. Auto-pilot would not "get sick", "be depressed", or complain that is in the wrong job.

According to Forbes, half the people in US who work hate what they do. And this is out of the 44% of adults who are employed (according to Gallup).  

An economist 

[Paraphrasing] In order to spur the economy, in post-modern times, it is better for governments to invest in infrastructure.

True

A public Wifi network that is always on in each part of every city, for example, would be a major boon. Infrastructure spending is good because it helps everyone equally. 

Also, nowadays, there is another kind of infrastructure, a human infrastructure, that is a combination of environmental / cultural constructs that promote courage, enterpreneurship, trying something new and failing fast. In order to support this  infrastructure, one needs to mitigate its adverse effects, i.e. abject failure, which can occur more often than not. Another motive for basic income. 

Link

Want to get paid for shampooing someone's hair? In California, you may need to have at least nine months of experience and pass a licensing test overseen by the state barbering and cosmetology board, whose members include salon professionals.

Do you clean dogs' teeth for pay as part of a grooming service? You might run afoul of the state Veterinary Medical Board, which includes four veterinarians and a veterinary technician among its eight members [..].

[A recent Supreme Court] decision means that "the vast majority of commissions and boards in all 50 states are untenable and illegal," says Robert Fellmeth, a veteran antitrust expert who is executive director of the Center for Public Interest Law at the University of San Diego law school. The court has established, he says, that "the king has been wearing no clothes for the last 72 years."

Good

The behaviour outlined above is second wave specialization: "In both capitalist and socialist industrial states, [...] specialization was accompanied by a rising tide of professionalization. 
Whenever the opportunity arose for some group of specialists to 
monopolize esoteric knowledge and keep newcomers out of their field, 
professions emerged". 

In 3W world noone decides who, for example, a professional taxi driver is. Good drivers are rated well in Uber or Lyft  and get more demand. Peer-to-peer, decentralized. End of story.









at

March 28, 2015















