# Q&A - 9/3

Link

Deutsche Bank will outsource large parts of its wholesale banking IT 
infrastructure to U.S.-based Hewlett-Packard (HP) in a 
multibillion-dollar deal [..] Part of the bank's long-standing restructuring efforts have included moving to a more flexible digital platform as pressure rises on the financial sector overall to cut costs, embrace web-based client platforms, and face competitors coming from outside of traditional banking [Feb 24]

Great

DB ATM cards cannot even be used in the Netherlands. Hopefully this gets fixed.

This must be good news for HP tho..

Link

HP share price tumbles as earnings fall far short of analysts’ forecast [Feb 26]

Huh?

After the  multibillion $ deal... ?

Link

[There has been a] shak[e up at] the Human Brain Project.

Good news

Larry Summers

Robots are hurting middle class workers, and education won’t solve the problem.

Yes

Solution: redistribution, give citizens money - cold hard cash (or soft warm Bitcoins). Also earnings for nearly everything can  turn into a form of "likes", given freely, to indicate interest especially for things that are easily copyable (which soon most things will become). No more copyright. No more patents. 

Question

But basic income was never considered seriously by anyone before.

Incorrect

Richard Nixon almost enacted it into law. From The Second Machine Age,
pg. 429

Basic income is not part of mainstream policy discussions today, but
it has a surprisingly long history and came remarkably close to
reality in twentieth-century America. One of its early proponents was
the English-American political activist Thomas Paine, who advocated in
his 1797 pamphlet Agrarian Justice that everyone should be given a
lump sum of money upon reaching adulthood to compensate for the unjust
fact that some people were born into landowning families while others
were not. Later advocates included philosopher Bertrand Russell and
civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr., who wrote in 1967, “I am
now convinced that the simplest approach will prove to be the most
effective—the solution to poverty is to abolish it directly by a now
widely discussed measure: the guaranteed income.”

Many economists on both the left and the right have agreed with
King. Liberals including James Tobin, Paul Samuelson, and John Kenneth
Galbraith and conservatives like Milton Friedman and Friedrich Hayek
have all advocated income guarantees in one form or another, and in
1968 more than 1,200 economists signed a letter in support of the
concept addressed to the U.S. Congress.

The president elected that year, Republican Richard Nixon, tried
throughout his first term in office to enact it into law. In a 1969
speech he proposed a Family Assistance Plan that had many features of
a basic income program. The plan had support across the ideological
spectrum, but it also faced a large and diverse group of
opponents. Caseworkers and other administrators of existing welfare
programs feared that their jobs would be eliminated under the new
regime; some labor leaders thought that it would erode support for
minimum wage legislation [..]  Minimum wage cannot relied upon to
deliver such redistribution, because in US only 44% of people aged 18+
have a job according to Gallup. Plus imposing artificially high
minimum wage requirements can hurt a business' competitiveness. Basic
income is both the social and free-market oriented solution (hence the
support of Friedman and Hayek).

Yann LeCun

The CS department at Yale has long suffered from a disease that is
widespread among CS department at stodgy, conservative universities,
including Harvard, Chicago, and Princeton. CS is a quickly evolving
field. Because of excess conservatism, these departments have
repeatedly missed important trends in CS and related field, such as
Data Science. They seem to view CS as meaning strictly theory, crypto,
systems and programming languages, what some have called "core CS",
paying lip service to graphics, vision, machine learning, AI, HCI,
robotics, etc. But these areas are the ones that have been expanding
the fastest in the last decades, particularly machine learning and
computer vision in the last decade.

True

Universities are lagging in some other areas too; a lot of engineering
curriculums still do not include statistics, and linear algebra. But
they have Calculus all the way from I upto IV. Gilbert Strang of MIT
complained about this here.

Mercedez-Benz CEO

[Paraphrasing, in response to Apple planning to get into car
manufacturing business] A car is much more complicated to build than
an iPhone.

Maybe

But as far as complexity goes, these companies also deal with software
that are in millions lines of code territory, that is pretty
complex. In this day and age, it's all about mixing; Amazon might get
into hosting, a search engine into ads (remember Google before the
whole ads thing?). So I'd watch out.














