# Eternal Dawn

From the Ryan Gingeras book


[Kemal] declared that Dolmabahçe was no longer “the palace of caliphs
but truly the people’s palace.” “Here,” Kemal concluded, “I am elated
to be solely the nation’s guest.” For the remainder of his life,
Mustafa Kemal could hardly be called a mere guest of the old
palace. Dolmabahçe gradually became both his part-time residence and
formal reception hall. Like the sultans before him, he chose the home
as a place to welcome and entertain visiting dignitaries, statesmen,
and royalty...

It was only in the early 1950s that the public was allowed to step
foot again into the “people’s palace.” Editors and statesmen who
passed comment upon the death of Mustafa Kemal did not express
discomfort or bemusement with the president’s strong affections for
Dolmabahçe. Atatürk was no sultan-caliph, despite the fact that he had
lived and died in a palace built for the departed Ottoman
dynasty. Such an association flew in the face of the man’s reputation
and achievements... 

[During late Ottoman era] Rather than grant greater authority to
trained professionals, like [a bureucrat, Cavid], in finding solutions
to the challenges facing the nation, the empire’s ruling sovereign,
Abdülhamid II, jealously guarded his power. The Great Powers of
Europe, it often seemed, drew strength from the sultan’s predilection
toward autocracy. As the government sank deeper into debt, and fell
under ever greater foreign control, men such as Cavid sensed that the
state teetered on the brink of collapse.

Fears of the empire’s imminent fall drove Mehmet Cavid into the
company of like-minded officials and officers desperate for political
change. The men who came to surround him after he relocated to
Salonika in the early 1900s similarly considered themselves
professionals and loyal patriots. Through their education, each
acquired a strong affection for the Ottoman nation. Though Cavid’s
col- league and comrades often disagreed as to the content and
character of Ottoman nationality, all vehemently agreed that the
sultan needed to step aside or be removed for the empire to right
itself...

The party that Mehmet Cavid and his confederates established in
Salonika, the Committee of Union and Progress (or CUP), seized power
and came to command the empire as a whole. The Young Turks, as the
foreign press often referred to them, took to governing with the same
ferocity and conviction that propelled them to stage their dramatic
revolution in 1908. Their desire to unify the nation and bring order
to the state led them to confront dissent with increasing severity.
The outbreak of the Great War proved a tipping point in their
rule. Rather than bring the many peoples of the empire together as a
“nation-in-arms,” the war, and the CUP’s management of it, wrought
terrible chasms within society. By the armistice in 1918, large
numbers of Ottoman citizens cast the Young Turks as the chief culprits
for loss and suffering witnessed across the empire. The CUP’s
revolution, from the perspective of 1918, was a false dawn. Rather
than save the state, the Young Turks had condemned it.

Yet, the defeat of Mehmet Cavid and other so-called Unionists in 1918
did not mark the end of the Ottoman state or necessarily the CUP
itself. Though the party would formally dissolve itself in the wake of
the empire’s capitulation, competing Young Turk factions
reconsolidated themselves as the postwar order unfolded.  The
humiliation brought on by the subsequent occupation of the empire gave
rise to a new set of leaders eager to reinvent themselves, and the
remnants of their party, into the saviors of the state and nation. The
largest of the factions, Mustafa Kemal’s self-proclaimed Nationalists,
gradually prevailed over what remained of the empire.

No appreciation for the early history of the Turkish Republic can
begin without a proper understanding of the origins, desires, and
tribulations of the Young Turks. Their era by no means constituted a
mere placeholder or prologue to the dramatic events that occurred
thereafter. Turkey, as it came to be defined philo- sophically, was
the unintended offspring of this movement. The most profound
attributes of Atatürk’s state, its thirst for radical social change,
its predilection for chauvinistic nationalism, and its oligarchic
structure, descended directly from the CUP’s approach towards
politics...

Cavid is an instructive, though somewhat underappreciated, figure in
the making of modern Turkey. His biography genuinely captures
important aspects of the country’s origins and he embodies key traits
of the empire that had preceded it. The complexity of his background,
a Turkish-speaking Muslim of Jewish ancestry born in modern-day
Greece, encapsulates the diversity and richness the Turkish Republic
eventually sought to deny or destroy.

