# TR Organized Crime

From the book by Ryan Gingeras

The Ottoman state itself, depending upon one's perspective, was born
out of the raiding of Byzantine lands by horsemen loyal to Osman Bey,
founder of the Ottoman household. The slow transformation of Osman's
petty fiefdom bordering Byzantine Constantinople into a massive state
residing on three continents naturally did not leave the Ottoman
Empire immune from the marauding the first Ottomans were initially
known for...

Among the areas most hard hit by the rise in brigandage of the
eighteenth century were in the Albanian highlands of the western
Balkans. Beginning in the mid-eighteenth century, Albanian
mountaineers, already hard-pressed to make a substantive living in one
of the most ecologically and topographically desperate regions of
southeastern Europe, regu- larly raided villages in the low-lying
regions to the south and east. 15 By the end of the 1700s,
particularly with the loss of the Crimea at the hands of imperial
Russia, the Ottoman Empire would also experience the first throes of
an ongoing series of refugee crises. The arrival of hundreds of
thousands of Crimean Tatar refugees during the first half of the
nineteenth century foreshadowed even larger waves of migrants destined
to settle within the confines of the Ottoman Empire. 16 The political
and social evolution of many of these immigrant communities (Tatars as
well as many others), as we will see, are crucial to understanding
both the nature and the perceptions of organized crime up to the
present...

Ironically, the first faction to successfully utilize armed gangs (or
çetes in Turkish) as a means of projecting political control over the
region was an indigenous move- ment with no official ties to any of
the competing states in the Balkans. Founded in 1890 in the port city
of Salonika, the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO)
principally advocated the creation of an autonomous state in Macedonia
that was largely outside of the control of Istanbul... within four
years after the rise of the so-called Young Turks [who had toppled the
autocratic Abdulhamit II, but became autocratic themselves], çete
violence slowly returned to Macedonia with a vengeance. Finally, in
the fall of 1912, the armies of Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, and
Montenegro marched into Macedonia with the support of local Christian
armed bands, resulting in the final dismemberment of the Ottoman
Balkans.

To be sure, the IMRO was no mafia. More importantly, one cannot find
an Ottoman official who conceived of Macedonian militants as gangsters
or members of some discrete organized crime outfit. Nevertheless, çete
violence in Macedonia would have a lasting imprint upon future
perceptions and interpretations of organ- ized crime. The word çete,
which is of Slavic and not Turkish origin, eventually became the
staple term applied to contemporary gangs and criminal syndicates in
the Republic of Turkey. Yet like the more historical usage of eşkiya,
çete may still be applied more loosely to groups and activities
exclusive of crime. Çete and çetecilik, for example, may be used to
describe a “guerrilla” or “paramilitary activity,” two forms of
behavior that could just as easily be undertaken by legitimate or
official actors.

Çete violence in Macedonia had a direct effect upon many of the
leaders of the late Ottoman state, as well as many of the founders of
the Turkish Republic. Erik Jan Zürcher has convincingly demonstrated
that the Young Turk generation of officers and bureaucrats were rooted
in the events that transpired in Macedonia between the 1870s and
1912. A majority of the seminal members of the Committee of the Union
and Progress (CUP), the clandestine party that secretly organized the
1908 revolution, were born in the southern Balkans. A great many more
officers and officials who came to lead or serve the Young Turk state
had experienced the violence first hand as local administrators or
military commanders...

Although it was the regular armies of Serbia, Greece, and Bulgaria
that were responsible for the partitioning of Ottoman Macedonia, local
çetes, after years of terrorizing local administrators, security
personnel, and civilians, appeared to have helped blaze their path to
victory. As the empire limped towards the outbreak of the First World
War, the apparent strength of and threat posed by Greek and Armenian
çetes weighed heavily upon the minds of many within the capital...

[At the opposite end] the CUP appropriated or formed çetes of local
Muslims [of its own] during the spring and summer of 1908. It was at
the head of their own bands of Muslim (mostly Albanian) paramilitaries
that such heroes of the Young Turk Revolution as Ahmet Niyazi and
Enver were launched into fame and political prominence.

Like the IMRO, it would be grossly inaccurate to consider the CUP’s
çetes in Macedonia anything like organized crime (even though their
acts were still officially considered criminal). Yet, unlike the IMRO,
it is clear that many within the ranks of the CUP considered the
formation of state-backed gangs to be a legitimate and effective tool
in combating a similar foe. In an era when the empire seemed beset on
all sides by uncompromising and violent adversaries both inside and
outside the imperial borders, fighting separatists and irredentists
(both real and imaginary as it would turn out) with their own methods
was deemed warranted...

Since the formal collapse of the Young Turk regime in 1918,
organizing, facilitat- ing, supporting, and praising the activities of
pro-government gangs persists in the contemporary Republic of
Turkey. Even the use of the term çete has remained consistent. What
has changed, perhaps, is the nature or character of the modern
“çeteci.” While a member of a CUP-sponsored gang may have been a
shepherd, an unemployed field hand, or refugee pressed into service, a
çeteci in contemporary parlance denotes an individual who is nothing
less than a thug or a gangster.  A çeteci today would almost certainly
engage in a criminal trade like arms or drug trafficking...


