# Organized Crime, Asia Minor

From the book by Ryan Gingeras

The Ottoman state itself, depending upon one's perspective, was born
out of the raiding of Byzantine lands by horsemen loyal to Osman Bey,
founder of the Ottoman household. The slow transformation of Osman's
petty fiefdom bordering Byzantine Constantinople into a massive state
residing on three continents naturally did not leave the Ottoman
Empire immune from the marauding the first Ottomans were initially
known for...

By the end of the 1700s, particularly with the loss of the Crimea at
the hands of imperial Russia, the Ottoman Empire would also experience
the first throes of an ongoing series of refugee crises. The arrival
of hundreds of thousands of Crimean Tatar refugees during the first
half of the nineteenth century foreshadowed even larger waves of
migrants destined to settle within the confines of the Ottoman
Empire. The political and social evolution of many of these immigrant
communities (Tatars as well as many others), as we will see, are
crucial to understanding both the nature and the perceptions of
organized crime up to the present...

Ironically, the first faction to successfully utilize armed gangs
[*çetes*] as a means of projecting political control over the region
was an indigenous movement with no official ties to any of the
competing states in the Balkans. Founded in 1890 in the port city of
Salonika, the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO)
principally advocated the creation of an autonomous state in Macedonia
that was largely outside of the control of Istanbul... within four
years after the rise of the so-called Young Turks [who had toppled the
autocratic Abdulhamit II, but became autocratic themselves], *çete*
violence slowly returned to Macedonia with a vengeance. Finally, in
the fall of 1912, the armies of Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, and
Montenegro marched into Macedonia with the support of local Christian
armed bands, resulting in the final dismemberment of the Ottoman
Balkans.

To be sure, the IMRO was no mafia. More importantly, one cannot find
an Ottoman official who conceived of Macedonian militants as gangsters
or members of some discrete organized crime outfit. Nevertheless, *çete*
violence in Macedonia would have a lasting imprint upon future
perceptions and interpretations of organized crime. The word *çete*,
which is of Slavic and not Turkish origin, eventually became the
staple term applied to contemporary gangs and criminal syndicates in
the Republic of Turkey. Yet like the more historical usage of eşkiya,
*çete* may still be applied more loosely to groups and activities
exclusive of crime. *Çete* and *çetecilik*, for example, may be used to
describe a “guerrilla” or “paramilitary activity,” two forms of
behavior that could just as easily be undertaken by legitimate or
official actors.

*Çete* violence in Macedonia had a direct effect upon many of the
leaders of the late Ottoman state, as well as many of the founders of
the Turkish Republic. Erik Jan Zürcher has convincingly demonstrated
that the Young Turk generation of officers and bureaucrats were rooted
in the events that transpired in Macedonia between the 1870s and
1912. A majority of the seminal members of the Committee of the Union
and Progress (CUP), the clandestine party that secretly organized the
1908 revolution, were born in the southern Balkans. A great many more
officers and officials who came to lead or serve the Young Turk state
had experienced the violence first hand as local administrators or
military commanders...

Although it was the regular armies of Serbia, Greece, and Bulgaria
that were responsible for the partitioning of Ottoman Macedonia, local
*çetes*, after years of terrorizing local administrators, security
personnel, and civilians, appeared to have helped blaze their path to
victory. As the empire limped towards the outbreak of the First World
War, the apparent strength of and threat posed by Greek and Armenian
*çetes* weighed heavily upon the minds of many within the capital...

[At the opposite end] the CUP appropriated or formed *çetes* of local
Muslims [of its own] during the spring and summer of 1908. It was at
the head of their own bands of Muslim (mostly Albanian) paramilitaries
that such heroes of the Young Turk Revolution as Ahmet Niyazi and
Enver were launched into fame and political prominence.

Like the IMRO, it would be grossly inaccurate to consider the CUP’s
*çetes* in Macedonia anything like organized crime (even though their
acts were still officially considered criminal). Yet, unlike the IMRO,
it is clear that many within the ranks of the CUP considered the
formation of state-backed gangs to be a legitimate and effective tool
in combating a similar foe. In an era when the empire seemed beset on
all sides by uncompromising and violent adversaries both inside and
outside the imperial borders, fighting separatists and irredentists
(both real and imaginary as it would turn out) with their own methods
was deemed warranted...

Since the formal collapse of the Young Turk regime in 1918,
organizing, facilitating, supporting, and praising the activities of
pro-government gangs persists in the contemporary Republic of
Turkey. Even the use of the term *çete* has remained consistent. What
has changed, perhaps, is the nature or character of the modern
“çeteci.” While a member of a CUP-sponsored gang may have been a
shepherd, an unemployed field hand, or refugee pressed into service, a
çeteci in contemporary parlance denotes an individual who is nothing
less than a thug or a gangster.  A çeteci today would almost certainly
engage in a criminal trade like arms or drug trafficking...

The arrival of Muslim refugees from the Balkans and the Caucasus in
the hundreds of thousands served to radically change the demographic
complexion of what remained of the Ottoman Empire [19th century]
... Virtually all of these newcomers arrived with no possessions or
any means to carry on their former livelihoods... It did not take long
for many newcomers to garner a reputation for lawlessness, banditry,
and violence.

As one pages through official reports or even newspaper clippings from
the turn of the twentieth century, it appears that certain ethnicities
acquired a particularly acute reputation for criminal behavior. It is
difficult to find examples of provincial banditry without running
across the names of men specifically identified by their ethnic
background. In the absence of a paternal name, using ethnic epithets
did serve as a proper way of distinguishing a Muslim man’s identity
(for example, *Arnavut* Mehmet, Mehmet the Albanian or *Çerkes* Ahmet,
Ahmet the Circassian)... A last ethnic group that became especially
associated with banditry in the late Ottoman Empire was the Laz. The
Laz, a predominantly Muslim group closely related to the Mingrelian
branch of the Georgian peoples, possess a long history of labor
migration within the context of the Ottoman Empire...

<a name='cup1'/>

As mentioned earlier, elements of the CUP state (that is, members
found in both the military and the bureaucracy) came to see the use of
Muslim gangs as an effective tactic in their war against Orthodox
Christian separatists in Macedonia.  Although bandits could be found
within the ranks or at the head of gendarmerie outfits throughout the
empire, the outright mobilization or appropriation of *çeteci* seems
to have been an ad hoc strategy largely localized to the Ottoman
Balkans before 1912. The outcome of the first Balkan war, however,
seems to prompted a change in approach among some Young Turk
strategists. In the wake of the Bulgarian occupation of Western
Thrace, a cabal of CUP commanders, led by the hero of the Young Turk
Revolution, Enver Pasha, drew together a small host of junior officers
in a clandestine attempt to reassert Ottoman control over this
strategically vital region. Dubbed the Special Organization
(Teşkilat-ı Mahsusa), this paramilitary unit, it was hoped, would
provide a vanguard for Muslim resistance to the Bulgarian
occupation. Aside from a few engagements and scattered propaganda
efforts, the Special Organization ultimately failed to preempt the
loss of Western Thrace.

Nevertheless, an important precedent was established with the creation
of the Special Organization. Rather than a regional tactic meant to
amplify local counterinsurgency efforts, the deployment of a unified
body of paramilitaries would allow the central government to take the
fight to provincial guerrillas and dissidents without involving
regular elements of the Ottoman security establishment.

The declaration of the Republic of Turkey in 1923 did not lead to an
official change in policy towards immigrants with violent or criminal
proclivities. Efforts to limit the ability of immigrants to congregate
together in densely packed communities were reinitiated immediately...
Several scholars have correctly cited such steps as manifestations of
Ankara’s unwavering commitment to nationalize and “Turkicize”
Anatolia’s diverse population. Indeed, Mustafa Kemal (Atatürk), as
well as many of his supporters and retainers, argued with great vigor
that it was essential to stamp out any variance in identity other than
Turkish nationalism. Yet, in considering the Ottoman roots of
Kemalism, one could argue that Ankara’s drive towards “Turkification”
also served, at least in the minds of Turkish officials, a more
practical purpose. Singling out Albanians, Circassians, and Laz (as
well as, to different degrees, Kurds, Bosnians, Cypriots, Cretans,
Arabs, Armenians, and Greeks) as suspect groups helped to ensure the
physical security of the state... In the wake of Mustafa Kemal’s rise
to power, official organs of the Turkish government would eventually
abandon even the use of minority terms or epithets (such as Laz,
Albanian, or Kurd) with respect to the population... Nevertheless,
behind closed doors, Turkish officials in the post-Ottoman era
continued to view crime in part through the prism of ethnicity.

It is abundantly clear that officials and officers in the service of
the Ottoman Empire were greatly concerned with the threats posed by
bandits lurking in the countryside. But for all of the steps taken by
the imperial government to minimize the supposed root causes of
brigandage, it is also clear that Muslim bandits were not viewed as
the sole or perhaps most paramount threats to the absolute security
and existence of the state... As Istanbul lurched towards the outbreak
of world war in 1914, the CUP government reasoned that the prospect of
future revolts among Anatolia’s Christian populations (namely
Armenians, Greeks, and Assyrians) could not be countered reflexively
or passively. Aggressive, proactive steps had to be taken in order to
stave off the kind of disaster that befell Ottoman Macedonia. Assuring
the survival of the empire, in other words, meant eradicating these
potentially disloyal segments of the Ottoman population before they
took up arms. 61 In prosecuting such a bloody, and ostensibly
illegal, stroke of action, elements of the CUP government recruited
and utilized gangs and bandits as effective, but disposable,
instruments of state violence.








