# God, Religion

Is there a creator? 

Let F be the event something appears organized, and G that there is a
creator. Goal is trying to prove the probability `P(G|F) > P(~G|F)`;
the tilde sign means "not", the negation of the event, the | sign
means "given", i.e. `P(A|B)` is probability of A given B, that is,
assuming B happened, what's the likelihood of A. Using the Bayes
Theorem,

`P(G|F) = P(F|G)P(G) / P(F)`

`P(~G|F) = P(F|~G)P(~G) / P(F)`

Geeks can notice the trick there; we flipped the probabilities, so we
could start from something we know. Everyone agrees `P(F|G) > P(F|~G)`,
that is, "given" there is a creator, the probability something appears
organized is more likely, than given not. As for the rest, we must
take `P(G) = P(~G)` because that is apriori belief, believing something
from get-go.  If `P(G)` is not equal to `P(~G)` you are a bigot.

Well, then P(F) is the same on both equations, `P(G)` equals to
`P(~G)`, with all else being equal and since `P(F|G) > P(F|~G)`, then
we must conclude `P(G|F) > P(~G|F)`.

But I also accept there is also a form of courage in the way atheists
say "I don't know for sure, and I will remain in this non-knowing
state until I do know for sure". This can be commendable. We've only
shown the probability is higher for one case than not, noone can show
existence of God anything with probability 1 (100% confidence).

Organized religion is mostly a hoax. But the prophets were onto
something.. All enlightened religion exists / started out to remind
humanity of its forager instincts, and were left-leaning movements of
their time. Jesus was killed by the Roman Empire, Moses was hounded by
the Pheroah.

When we switched to farming, villagers fell into bad habits. We
domesticated plants, but they also domesticated us - see *Sapient*,
and *Why the West Rules* by Morris. The village became a Disneyland -
shut-in, isolated, full of gossiping neighbors, imaginery make-belief
totems, where ppl survived even thrived, but also started sacrificing
humans for better harvest. Inheritance, of land (because you would
farm on it) became important, ppl would literally worship the bones of
their ancestors.

Religion is nothing but a few smart people saying "dont worship some
bones you dumb fuck". Fasting replicates the day of a
hunter-gatherer. He wakes up, hunts, feasts at the end of the day (or
not). Notice how alert you get when you are hungry. Your eye sight
gets better. You hear clearer. It is good to connect with that part of
us because evolution is slow and we still carry hunter-gatherer
instincts.

Some say "the West invented no religion, the Middle East invented no
political ideology". This sounds like a smart little comment until you
realize religion is politics of the ancient times. The moment you say
"I demand equality", "I do not worship some fucking bones / elders",
you are engaged in politics. The fact that message was carried by the
left in the West, Moses / Jesus / Mohammed in the East really makes no
difference.

Divine intervention? Depending whether one believes in a creator or
not, divine intervention for prophets could be explainable. Such
explanation could continue to other historical, non-religious figures
as well. Story goes Abraham Lincoln used to sit up late at night and
stare outside for hours on end, like a crazy person. Maybe he
experienced some intervention.. ?

Soon after their founding religions were co-opted by the state. In the
case of Rome, Jesus was incorporated into the imperial power
structure. The Catholic Church emphasized not his human incarnation
but his transcendent magisterial authority, his right to judge the
living and the dead and to determine their fate for all
eternity. Basically, the terrible power of Roman authority was
presented as being derived from the even more terrible power of Jesus,
a looming supreme God painted on the apse ceiling over the altar where
his blood was to be drunk and his body eaten.

There were, and have been other interpretations. The Arian Church
slant for example; their Jesus was not the same as the all-powerful
God; he was rather less threatening, and wasn't identified with the
state. 







