# Myth #3

[Link](http://www.palestinechronicle.com/top-ten-myths-about-the-israeli-palestinian-conflict/)

"The Arabs missed an opportunity to have their own state in 1947"

The U.N. recommendation to partition Palestine was rejected by the
Arabs. Many commentators today point to this rejection as constituting
a missed “opportunity” for the Arabs to have had their own state. But
characterizing this as an “opportunity” for the Arabs is patently
ridiculous. The Partition plan was in no way, shape, or form an
“opportunity” for the Arabs.

First of all, as already noted, Arabs were a large majority in
Palestine at the time, with Jews making up about a third of the
population by then, due to massive immigration of Jews from Europe (in
1922, by contrast, a British census showed that Jews represented only
about 11 percent of the population).

Additionally, land ownership statistics from 1945 showed that Arabs
owned more land than Jews in every single district of Palestine,
including Jaffa, where Arabs owned 47 percent of the land while Jews
owned 39 percent – and Jaffa boasted the highest percentage of
Jewish-owned land of any district. In other districts, Arabs owned an
even larger portion of the land. At the extreme other end, for
instance, in Ramallah, Arabs owned 99 percent of the land. In the
whole of Palestine, Arabs owned 85 percent of the land, while Jews
owned less than 7 percent, which remained the case up until the time
of Israel’s creation.

Yet, despite these facts, the U.N. partition recommendation had called
for more than half of the land of Palestine to be given to the
Zionists for their “Jewish State”. The truth is that no Arab could be
reasonably expected to accept such an unjust proposal. For political
commentators today to describe the Arabs’ refusal to accept a
recommendation that their land be taken away from them, premised upon
the explicit rejection of their right to self-determination, as a
“missed opportunity” represents either an astounding ignorance of the
roots of the conflict or an unwillingness to look honestly at its
history.

It should also be noted that the partition plan was also rejected by
many Zionist leaders. Among those who supported the idea, which
included David Ben-Gurion, their reasoning was that this would be a
pragmatic step towards their goal of acquiring the whole of Palestine
for a “Jewish State” – something which could be finally accomplished
later through force of arms.

When the idea of partition was first raised years earlier, for
instance, Ben-Gurion had written that “after we become a strong force,
as the result of the creation of a state, we shall abolish partition
and expand to the whole of Palestine”. Partition should be accepted,
he argued, “to prepare the ground for our expansion into the whole of
Palestine”. The Jewish State would then “have to preserve order”, if
the Arabs would not acquiesce, “by machine guns, if necessary.”

---

There are a lot of fairy tales around this issue, whether Palestenians
can even negotiate or not; the belief is so wide-spread in fact it
became a thing on the Israeli side (or should I say
"schtick"?). They'll say "Palestenians never miss an opportunity to
miss an opportunity"; I heard this sentence being uttered by many
Israelis. It's funny, haha, sure but is it true? Did Palestenians miss
an opportunity in 1947? Did Arafat really miss an opportunity during
Camp David talks? 














