# Q&A - 21/12
You said here self-driving car technology is not ready [..]

That's not what I said

I said self-driving car tech does not drive like a human, but AFAIK even at its current state, it drives better than a human. Self-driving car tech  solved the problem differently (utilizing accurate Lidar based distance data for objects, instead of going through vision), creating a specialized software for the task much like a chess playing program. This is far from human-like AI, but it is usable.

Side note: AI, even at this specialized / single-purpose state can displace workers though, that much is certain. I've argued before that it should, and that we should speed up this process as much as possible, creating massive unemployment in the process, hastening the onset of the 3rd Wave.

HuffPost

Among all of the AI issues debated by researchers [all big shots, Yann LeCun, Andrew Ng, Gary Marcus], the one that received almost universal agreement was the detrimental impact AI could have on the job market. Erik Brynjolfsson, [..] explained that we're in the midst of incredible technological advances, which could be highly beneficial, but our skills, organizations and institutions aren't keeping up. Because of the huge gap in pace, business as usual won't work.

Ng quickly became one of the strongest advocates for tackling the economics issue. "I think the biggest challenge is the challenge of unemployment," he said.

In fact, the issue of unemployment is one that is already starting to appear, even with the very narrow AI that exists today. Around the world, low- and middle-skilled workers are getting displaced by robots or software, and that trend is expected to increase at rapid rates [..]

The possibility of a basic income [..] were both brought up as possible solutions. However, solutions like these will only work if political leaders begin to take the initiative [..]

Go for B.I., K.I.S.S.

News

Finland is [..] conducting a pilot project [on basic income] with a [..] fraction of the Finnish population participating, according to Olli Kangas [..]. Kangas and his research team have been tasked by the Finnish government with presenting proposals for testing [it out..]. If the trial is a success, they could go all in, but that could be years off. Nonetheless, Finland is on the verge of conducting the most methodologically rigorous and comprehensive test of basic income to date. And that alone is a big deal.

Yey








at

December 21, 2015















