# Q&A - 11/11

Among the few that got [the US election prediction] right was a new
industry player using a different method, South African firm
Brandseye, which analyzes social media posts. With offices in Capetown
and Johannesburg, Brandseye took an entirely different approach from
traditional polling.

The data-miner pays people around the world to sift through social
media for relevant posts, a process known as crowd-sourcing, and then
uses a computer algorithm to rate consumer sentiment about products or
politicians. Its method pointed to a Trump victory. It also correctly
called Britain's Brexit vote.

Nice

Yeah - calling people up for voting prefs is too old school. I like what these guys do.

Question

Fine - if electoral college was changed so the President is elected through popular vote, Reps and Dems would change their strategies, and they'd keep on winning the same number of times perhaps, from both sides. But, which method would be better for democratic representation?

Actually, electoral college could still be fine

At first sight more people having more weight seems better, but there is the danger smaller states being squeezed out of the representation completely if US were to go "full-pop". Like..  South Dakota. Who lives there? Noone. All they have is a man and his dog. These people send representatives to the Congress and there is noone left to live in the state. Seriously. But now SD is represented by 3 votes in the electoral college. Not too bad for them.

If some mean to say "we want more populous states like California to be listened to more than the rest", or "we don't want our state to be influenced in the wrong way by others", fine, I understand that too. Secession! Cal-exit baby! Kal-ee-fornia!

So now I am listening to country music to understand country folk.

♩ ♪ I gotta thank mama for the cookin' ♫
♩ ♪  Daddy for the whuppin' ♫
♪ ♫ The Devil for the trouble that I get into ♪ ♫


Best title:

All My Ex's Live In Texas











