# Goat Lovers

Ian Morris, [WTWRFN](https://www.amazon.de/Why-West-Rules-Now-Patterns/dp/0312611692)

The early farmers of the Hilly Flanks [an area covering today's Iraq,
Syria] transformed the way people lived [..]

Female foragers, who regularly carry their infants with them as they
walk thousands of miles every year gathering plants. Not surprisingly,
they do not want too many children [..] But the more they settled down
[into farming life] the less they needed to do this. Having more
babies in fact became a boon, providing extra labor [for farming], and
recent skeletal studies suggest that the average woman in an early
farming village, staying in one place with stores of food, gave birth
to seven or eight babies [..] The more food people grew, the more
babies they could feed [..]

Little hunter-gatherer bands had had broad geographical horizons but
narrow social ones: the landscape changed but the faces did not. The
early farmer’s world was just the opposite. You might pass your whole
life within a day’s walk of the village where you were born, but what
a place it was—full of shrines where the gods revealed themselves,
festivals and feasts to delight the senses, and gossipy, nosy
neighbors in solid houses with plastered floors and waterproof roofs
[..]

By imposing such mental structures on their world, Hilly Flankers
were, we might say, domesticating themselves. They even remade what
love meant. [..]

To do well, people now needed property—a house, fields, and flocks,
not to mention investments like wells, walls, and tools. [..] Life
increasingly focused on small family groups, probably the basic unit
for transmitting property between generations. Children needed this
material inheritance, because the alternative was
poverty. Transmitting property became a matter of life and death [..]
There are signs of what can only be called an obsession with
ancestors. We perhaps see it as early as 10,000 BCE [..] as farming
developed, it escalated. Burying multiple generations of the dead
under house floors became common, mingling bodies in ways that seem to
express very physically the link between property and descent.[..]
Such intimacy with corpses makes most of us squeamish but clearly
mattered a lot to early farmers in the Hilly Flanks.

Most archaeologists think it shows that ancestors were the most
important supernatural beings. The ancestors had passed on property,
without which the living would starve; in return the living honored
them. Possibly ancestral rituals clothed the transmission of property
in a holy aura, justifying why some people owned more than
others. People may also have used skulls for necromancy, summoning
ancestors to ask when to plant, where to hunt, and whether to raid
neighbors [..]

[H]ierarchy developed fastest within households. I have already
observed that men and women had had different roles in foraging
societies, the former more active in hunting and the latter in
gathering, but studies of contemporary groups suggest that
domestication sharpens the sexual division of labor, tying women to
the home. The high mortality/high fertility regime required most women
to spend most of their lives pregnant and/or minding small children,
and changes in agriculture—changes that women themselves probably
pioneered—reinforced this.[..]

With so much at stake [for land / tools inheritance], men in modern
peasant cultures want to be sure they really are the fathers of the
children who will inherit their property. Foragers’ rather casual
attitudes about sex yield to obsessive concern with daughters’
premarital virginity and wives’ extramarital activities. Men in
traditional agricultural societies typically marry around the age of
thirty, after they have come into their inheritance, while women
generally marry around fifteen, before they have had much time to
stray. [..] By, say, 7500 BCE a girl would typically grow up under the
authority of her father, then, as a teenager, exchange it for the
authority of a husband old enough to be her father.

Marriage would become a source of wealth as those who already had good
lands and flocks would marry others in the same happy situation,
consolidating holdings. The rich got richer.

---

Exactly - so what is considered "conservatism"  by many is basically
this goat-f...er culture, trying to outlive its past-due date.  But
there is more: I argue all kinds of status-seeking mentality is tied
to this agrarian era. The rich got richer becuase well, they
could. One can have land, get more seeds, get more land, have bigger
families.. Some are better at this than others, and it can grow.

Then the next step is having others working on your land - the big
landowner with peasants toiling away on it - this would be everyone's
dream job. Big landowner has higher status, others are simple
peasants. This would create a certain type of status-seeking
mentality, I believe today's signalers, or even people who are too
conscious of such things are somehow mentally connected to this era,
and its love of goats.

Of course then organized crime / mafia (call them Ottomans, Byzantium,
Rome) comes in, because the situation is ripe for it,  these are
simple barbarians offering "protection" to landowners. Their parasitic
way is tax enough to feed army but not too much to kill the goose, 
then "protect" more people this way, and copy this structure
horizontally ad infinitum. Great racket.

But some also have more to fear now. These landowners with "high"
status (prettier goats) have something to lose. Remember the Roman
senator with the famous words "Carthage must be destroyed" at every
Senate meeting? Those words are coming from someone who has something
to lose - his land. His goat. He loves his goat. He doesn't want to
lose it. A forager, being mobile, not tied to a particular location
would not care about any of this. The senator does.

* When people talk about "ancient civilization" nowadays they usually
  mean this agrarian era. Go back 10,000 years this is what
  "civilization" was, pretty much nothing before that, only foragers,
  who had complex social structures but did not leave much behind. In
  order to build these grand structures the rich had to get richer,
  through big farming, or mafia business (headed by a pharaoh, sultan,
  Ceasar, capo, whatever). So when excited imbeciles look around and
  want to "see" stuff, this is what they "see". There is a building. I
  see it. Civilization. Not.

* A lot of the descendants of these goat loving "civilizations" who
  lost the "empire" are obsessed about their glory days. The agrarian
  culture was extremely conscious of status remember, so these people
  lost their capo, now they think they lost status. They want it
  back. China for example, is the descendants of the agrarian empire
  of the east, and they lost their empire to Western industrialists,
  they think they "lost" something they need to get back to. This is
  inbred thinking.

* When people spend too much time around single place, there is
  bickering as we are built for intermittent connectivity not constant
  connectivity, so naturally such people will become
  "neurotic". Turko, Greeks, Italians - my Greek friends in college
  from afar always looked like they were arguing, and fighting. When I
  asked my Greek buddy about it "why do you guys fight all the time?"
  he says "no, we are just talking". I am sure similar things can be
  said about others from that region.

* Early agrarians who sat on their ass for millenia (did not cross
  oceans, stayed around that little bathtub called the Mediterrenian)
  obviously had a lot of time on their hands, so they experimented
  with food. As a result they have "great" kitchen. Is it a
  coincidence both Italians and the Chinese invented noodles? Why?
  Because they sat on their ass for a millenia.

* I believe newer technologies (which are the only arbiters of what
  social structures can persist) are bringing back the forager /
  nomadic mentality. The smartphone, wireless communication, GPS,
  Internet, cheaper computation, vast storage - all favor the person
  who does not have to be tied down to anywhere. Govs can do more to
  ease the transition, at the very least take modernity to its
  ultimate conclusion (Partanen book ref) weakening the connection
  btw. the so-called "family structure" and the individual.

* One can argue we are biologically still foragers (see De Vany
  here). There are a lot of diets out there but the best one is eating
  a strong breakfast in the morning and eating nothing until the next
  day. This simulates a typical day of a forager, gets up, eats
  something for energy, goes out, maybe hunts something maybe
  not. Sometimes there is feasting, and he overeats (which is fine).

* All recent religions, without exception, are created / sent
  (depending on your POV) to combat the established agrarian
  structures. Moses vs. the frickin Phoroah (hello?), Jesus against
  Rome (not the Jews), Mohammad against the established nobles of his
  day. "Do not worship some old bones,  ancestors you dumb f..k" is
  pretty much the message. Getting people to think about an unseen
  creator,  an unseen structure, a hand that guides that can easily
  get people thinking about processes, structures, and cause/effect is
  their true gift to the world. The prophets were truly enlightened
  (or smart, depending on your POV).

* Catholicism, insofar it is the flag carrier of Rome, has nothing to
  offer to today's world (but the Jesuits seem to be fine, as they
  were created during Renaissance). The flag carriers of Byzantium,
  Ottomans, the Hans, similarly have zero future. Their culture, way
  of thinking will perish.







at

October 23, 2017















