# Q&A - 26/10
[From The Road to Ruin] For a decade at the start of my career, I was international tax counsel to Citibank, then the world’s most powerful private bank. Citibank had branches in more countries than the U.S. Foreign Service had embassies. The bank, under the direction of legendary CEO Walter Wriston, was a bigger platform than the Department of State.

In the early 1980s, my colleagues and I prepared a U.S. income tax return that showed zero liability at a time when Citibank was highly profitable. Wriston objected. He said it was unseemly for the largest bank in the United States to pay no U.S. tax. He instructed us to pay a small amount. “You don’t need to pay a lot; just two or three percent. It looks bad if we pay nothing.”

We mastered the art of paying no taxes, but paying some tax was a challenge. There were many levers at our disposal. We used foreign tax credits, investment tax credits, or depreciation on Boeing 747s and the Alaska pipeline, which we legally owned and leased to users. We also used tax-free municipal bonds and discretionary loan loss reserves to dial down tax liability. [..] The Cayman Islands and Netherlands Antilles also came in handy.

Our challenge was that Citibank’s tax return was a finely tuned machine. Once you moved one lever, another lever might move on its own due to the complex interaction of credits, deductions, and elections in the Internal Revenue Code. We spent an entire year tuning the machine; now we needed to dismantle one small part without ruining the works. We had time and talent to pay the tax. Yet the lesson was not lost on me. For large, complex companies, paying taxes is not a requirement; it’s optional [..]


Tax leasing is [..also ..] an effective tool. Countries have different rules for deciding when a financing transaction is a loan or a lease. Equipment deals can be structured as a loan in one country (to deduct interest) and a lease in another country (to deduct depreciation). The parties double-dip on deductions with one piece of equipment.

The loan-lease double-dip is combined with tax treaty back-to-back structures to obliterate taxes in multiple jurisdictions. As tax counsel to Citibank, I saw triple-dip leases, where a single Boeing 747 was written off in South Africa, the United Kingdom, and Australia at the same time.


Hmm



So.. how will lowering the corporate tax rate form 35 to 20% help fix this problem? Corps are like "I already pay .. nothing. 20% is higher than nothing, so.. still not paying!". JR talks about a tracking mechanism that's being worked on which will help deal with the many tricks corps use, that sounded more a fix to me than fiddling with these rates. 










at

October 26, 2017















