# Ottoman, Turks

What is culture, national narrative? How is the interplay?

Brain is made-up of three layers; the reptilian brain, culture codes
and intellect. Any group of people staying at a geography long enough
will converge to a common sets of codes. This happens organically,
wout anyone telling a kid how things are, it does not happen through
modern education, or through stories told by a parent, or an uncle. It
is an osmosis at a gargantuan level where an infant sucks in all
available information at a young age from everything, and everyone
around him, bcz this info is needed to fit in. Such task could not be
outsourced to a single parent, or relatives. The entire society, the
life itself plays a part.

The codes are cemented near age 7 and locked in.

National narrative is something else, it is but a weak paint on top of
existing structure. It can be changed, ignored, it can help or hinder
a national narrative. Nationalism is second-wave, so narrative
inescapably carries certain central, concentrated tendencies -- it is
in a country's interest to make this narrative as sensible as
possible, and it should be compatible with the culture codes of a
populace. If not, it will be ignored, ridiculed, or create
pathologies.

What is the culture of the people of Anatolia? Simple, it is the
culture of that particular geography, Surely some pre-agro codes like
everyone else, then it invented organized agriculture first, so it
carries some of that baggage, but also has some decentralized airs
being away from most "ancient" centers for some time. Its governance
culture is inescapably Roman however, through Rome I and Byzantium and
Ottomans, Rome II and III.

Everyone who came to these lands, assimilated into this culture. 

The latest national narrative is the crazy part. 1923 was probably the
worst time to found a Republic. Ethnic nationalism was on the rise,
WWI was over, WWII was not, and here is our Anatolians trying to
tailor a new national narrative for themselves. The existing
structures around Ottomans had imploded along with the
empire. Balkans, Middle Eastern "vassals" were gone, each worrying
about their own nationalities. The founders needed an identity to
inspire people, to make them forget about the "here and now" so they
chose something "outside". This was the Turk. He was from Central
Asia, and he was the ideal, the pure.

Sadly this was a bad choice. This particular ethnicity was never known
as imagined then, usually it would be conflated with religion, and/or
(rightfully) to the few number of *Turkomans* who arrived at a some
point, and settled in Anatolia in a particular region. Within the ball
busting ethnic relations the particular word's standing wasn't that
hot either, the word could even be considered a slur, no more than 100
years ago.

Best account of this comes from an officer in the Ottoman army. At the
last days of the empire the new nationalism was circulating among the
cadres, and he wanted to check how much the regular soldiers knew of
"their identity". He starts easy, first asks them about the sultan,
the Caliph, etc. The soldiers weren't really sure, many were confused,
they thought sultan was prophet, Caliph was God, etc.  the answers
were a big mess. Frustrated, the officer asks "but aren't we all
Turks!??". They knew the answer to that one. The responded, in unison
with the word *estaÄŸfurullah*. Let me try to translate what this
means... Say your friend drops something, or makes a mistake, and says
"ah I'm such a putz", and this is the word you use. It's like "oh
c'mon", "don't sell yourself short", forgive urself. IT CAN'T BE THAT
BAD.

So the identity is pretty much hallow. Still one could say "well if it
works keep it". I could go along with that, but some did not embrace
the identty, the identity is seen as a prerequisite for citizenship,
which puts some at odds with the state. Kurds are the best example, I
am sure when their elites heard of the narrative first, they were like
"wwuuut we come from central whaaat? I don't __think__ so". That
bullshit would never fly with them. Some groups could go along,
ignore, lip sync to it, but Kurds could definitely not. Which made
them the odd man out. They are hounded ever since. But this is not
their fault.

