# Tweets - Week 40

Lean theorem prover - I hear good things about it -
https://leanprover.github.io/about

Tom Hales presentation on it was great.

*2019-10-2 21:47:42*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Ministers and delegates from more than 30 nations, regions and organizations pledged in Tokyo to introduce 10 million <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FCEV?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FCEV</a> trucks, buses and other hydrogen-powered systems, as well as 10,000 hydrogen refueling stations, globally over the next 10 years - <a href="https://t.co/eB5XVK1fdG">https://t.co/eB5XVK1fdG</a>.</p>&mdash; IEA Hydrogen (@IEA_Hydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/IEA_Hydrogen/status/1179461061625438210?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 2, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-2 21:47:42*

---

DJT is under attack. Friends on the ropes - protests against Sisi,
physical attack on Saudi Arabia, Israel's future uncertain..

*2019-10-2 21:34:19*

---

Don't leave us Bernieee

*2019-10-2 21:25:24*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We have figured out what it takes Bernie to get media coverage</p>&mdash; Ryan Grim (@ryangrim) <a href="https://twitter.com/ryangrim/status/1179419652650409989?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 2, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-2 20:44:39*

---

Arteries represent joy, having fun (per Iris Hay). Bernie's not having
fun. Being challenger was more fun - now a lot of ppl are fighting
him, even from the left.

*2019-10-2 19:45:53*

---

Seriously - is this your defense. That break-up will bother ad people? 

"But ad people were happy, they would learn Facebook, Google, and now
they have to learn ad tools for FB1, FB2, Google 1, Google 2.. this is
crazy!"

*2019-10-2 19:21:41*

---

That's not a problem. USG can mandate existing / new users will be
shared among the two companies for a X years after
break-up. Intra-company messaging between user 1 messaging from
company A to user 2 on company B can be handled. They can build a
bridge for that - easy, bunch of IT work - this is what these people
do, shuffling shit around.

"How can you break up a social network? Dividing money is easy, but
what about users? Half my friends will be here, half over there.. how
does that work?"

*2019-10-2 19:18:51*

---

Little break-up is a good thing.. it'll do a body good. Microsoft
should have been broken up in the 90s.

*2019-10-2 19:17:57*

---

Everything around oil is rotten. Iran, Venezulla, Russia, Ukraine and
the dealings around it, US motherfrackers, the whole shabang.

*2019-10-2 16:44:32*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Scientists Working with BMW Create Catalyst with 50 Percent Less Platinum-TU Berlin is working with <a href="https://twitter.com/BMW?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@BMW</a> to produce a catalyst that achieved unprecedented performance &amp; stability ina <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> – using at least 50% less platinum-<a href="https://t.co/BUN4Mx3YgV">https://t.co/BUN4Mx3YgV</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://t.co/jzcLRPZUbD">pic.twitter.com/jzcLRPZUbD</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1179382746520719361?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 2, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-2 16:10:37*

---

"@peoplevsoil

"Just 10% of fossil fuel subsidy cash could pay for green transition. Just saying"

*2019-10-2 15:41:13*

---

IMO funny names are universal.. in one class prof talked about a
researcher named ...  Fukui.

Fukui. That's a funny f--ing name.. Everyone laughed, mostly
international students.

*2019-10-2 15:33:15*

---

WANT

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">100 % Eco-Friendly North Pole Adventures with EFOY Fuel Cells-Finnish cabin producer AuroraHut integrates EFOY fuel cell into their new all-season igloo houseboats. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Fuelcell</a> is the fully automatic, silent &amp; environmentally friendly power source-<a href="https://t.co/2UpKP9YoCP">https://t.co/2UpKP9YoCP</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcells?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcells</a> <a href="https://t.co/TSaNLFlRET">pic.twitter.com/TSaNLFlRET</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1179369190475608064?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 2, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-2 15:21:2*

---

This is one huge spaghetti of conclusions, spurious correlation, weird
cause-effect.

First of all if we abolish
[grades](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2011/02/grading.html),
opt for self-directed courses, all students will get an A from the
course (meaning they will pass, they will remain in the subject until
they pass).

Now, in the existing crap system, why do average students remember
more than good students? We can speculate, if these so-called average
students remember more, it probably means they were more interested in
the course.

But that, in a way, was their undoing. They became curious about
stuff, got off track somewhat, maybe, became annoyed when they built
gaps in their knowledge, and did poorly in the course as a result. But
later, they remembered more. This is not about "breaking eggs" as is
suggested by the article, but about the poorness of content (which
revolves around a "teacher" "teaching" to the whole class, in sync),
where kids cannot freely consult other sources without losing time on
the freight train that is the course.

"All other factors being equal, when you test how well students have
mastered course material some months or even years after the course
has ended, students who do well in courses, getting mostly A’s on
assignments and exams, tend to perform worse than students who
struggled and got more mediocre grades at the time.

Yes, you read that correctly, the struggling students tend to do
better than the seemingly “good” students, when you see how much they
remember, and how well they can perform, months or even years later"

[Link](https://sumop.org/2019/09/27/on-making-omelets-and-learning-math)

*2019-10-2 14:54:24*

---

Owwww... Tottenham 2 Bayern 7.

Bayern is the 800 pound gorilla. They beat everyone in their home
country, they, like, even finish the league early.

*2019-10-2 13:46:25*

---

I'd rather approximate the function analytically, and be able to
calculate a value at *any* point. Then you don't need to compute in a
*finer* grid for better results. Derivatives on this analytic function
can be computed through `autograd`.

*2019-10-2 13:28:47*

---

Preparing function values at grid points is so 2010.

*2019-10-2 13:25:40*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">There we go ! A first racing sailing boat equipped with a fuel cell and hydrogen tanks. A new area of development for hydrogen (article in French)<a href="https://t.co/ouHR61yJqA">https://t.co/ouHR61yJqA</a></p>&mdash; Raphael Schoentgen (@rschoentgen) <a href="https://twitter.com/rschoentgen/status/1179250681238183937?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 2, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-2 11:52:30*

---

Volkswagen.. the same VW of the cheating scandal isn't it? It's funny
"certain kinds of people" keep ending up in the same column.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">My take: As going into fuel cells would make it obvious that Volvo made the mistake of the century when selling Powercell, Volvo will sadly not bet on FCs until they are totally desperate (which might happen sooner than we think, especially if fooling around with electric roads).</p>&mdash; Niklas Holming (@NHolming) <a href="https://twitter.com/NHolming/status/1179098104982904833?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-1 21:27:35*

---

PMI is not just for "manufacturing". It's a proxy for overall demand. 

*2019-10-1 19:34:27*

---

Down... Down.. Down...

[PMI](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/05/stats.html#pmi)

*2019-10-1 19:34:27*

---

Dude. Holy shit.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="und" dir="ltr"><a href="https://t.co/16QUMUvhiz">pic.twitter.com/16QUMUvhiz</a></p>&mdash; Satisfying Daily (@SatisfyingDaily) <a href="https://twitter.com/SatisfyingDaily/status/1179063547025907712?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-1 19:3:55*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I went for a run this morning. Now I feel the urge to invade Poland <a href="https://t.co/O26dwloFvb">pic.twitter.com/O26dwloFvb</a></p>&mdash; Claire Lehmann (@clairlemon) <a href="https://twitter.com/clairlemon/status/1178842020602793984?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-1 19:3:55*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;&quot;In an annual survey of automotive industry executives (conducted last year by KPMG), <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> was ranked as the number one trend in the automotive industry — above autonomous technology and connectivity.&quot; <a href="https://t.co/mCkEWM31sQ">https://t.co/mCkEWM31sQ</a> <a href="https://t.co/JMZqukOGr8">pic.twitter.com/JMZqukOGr8</a></p>&mdash; Energy Independence Now (@DriveH2) <a href="https://twitter.com/DriveH2/status/1179062172858626056?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-1 19:2:58*

---

Sanders raises $25.3 million .. in third quarter - Reuters

*2019-10-1 19:0:23*

---

No shit.

"Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) believes battery power is not the best solution for its largest SUV models as the carmaker moves towards its zero-emission future"

[Link](https://europe.autonews.com/automakers/jlr-believes-battery-power-not-best-choice-heavy-suvs)

*2019-10-1 18:52:46*

---

Don't get too happy on Ukrainegate.. Remember Kosovo? Some say it was
a "just war", but it was also during another impeachement. Don't
corner the exec.

*2019-10-1 18:37:26*

---

"Senior Twitter Executive Exposed As British Psy-Ops Soldier"

*2019-10-1 18:14:11*

---

Hydrogen can clean up steel. It can power cars, heat up homes. Ammonia
(created from H2) is a fertilizer, and it is good for
refrigration. What else is there? Why the f--k are we looking
elsewhere? This is a done deal.

*2019-10-1 17:24:29*

---

Ammonia/CO2/Glycol System Saves Belgian Store Up To 42% on Energy Bill [for Refrigration]

[Link](https://accelerate24.news/regions/europe/ammonia-co2-glycol-system-saves-belgian-store-up-to-42-on-energy-bill/2019/)

*2019-10-1 17:24:29*

---

"@marcfriedrich7

Next rate cut comes from #Australia! Record low of 0,75% to prevent the gigantic real estate bubble to burst"


*2019-10-1 17:14:13*

---

"@YoungTories4PV

Lord Willets: “The Churchillian heroism of Dunkirk is not the same as the circumstances we see today. 

For Britain to stand alone surrounded by enemies was heroic.

For Britain to stand alone today surrounded by friends is absurd” 

Our destiny is at the heart of Europe"

*2019-10-1 16:16:30*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Uh Oh. Australian Dollar deposit rates in Hong Kong are skyrocketing. For 7-day deposits, Chiyu Bank, Hang Seng, HSBC and BOCHK offer 11%, 10.8%,<br>9% and 8.8% respectively for min of HK$ equivalent of 100k, 800k, 50k and 50k. HK banks are barely holding together. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HKexit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HKexit</a></p>&mdash; Kyle Bass (@Jkylebass) <a href="https://twitter.com/Jkylebass/status/1179009228243177473?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-1 16:13:40*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">.<a href="https://twitter.com/IVECO?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@IVECO</a>, <a href="https://twitter.com/FPTIndustrial?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@FPTIndustrial</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/VDL_Groep?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@VDL_Groep</a> to develop 16 <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> electric heavy-duty trucks for European markets as part of the H2Haul project. Co-funded by <a href="https://twitter.com/fch_ju?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@fch_ju</a> <br>Press release: <a href="https://t.co/DjlEDtysp7">https://t.co/DjlEDtysp7</a> <a href="https://t.co/ZavakOhi5h">pic.twitter.com/ZavakOhi5h</a></p>&mdash; H2Haul (@H2Haul) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2Haul/status/1178930527719608320?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 1, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-10-1 13:7:10*

---

"@doctor_oxford

This is Mu Chiang, an NHS doctor in Liverpool. 
@ukhomeoffice  are threatening to deport her in 10 days due to an admin error on her visa application"

[Link](https://twitter.com/doctor_oxford/status/1178925235946557440)

*2019-10-1 13:3:33*

---

Tigger got busted by cops for harvesting marijuana, his defense was 'I
planted corn, weed came out'. Little TR farmer humor for you.

[Link](https://www.ntv.com.tr/turkiye/uyusturucu-sanigi-bahceye-misir-ektim-esrar-cikti,Rj45RHol6EC_8rWB_PM8XQ)

*2019-10-1 7:38:23*

---

"In the 1971 Woody Allen film *Bananas* a fellow employee asks Allen’s
character, 'What would you have been if you finished school?'  Allen’s
character answers, 'I was in the black studies program. By now I could
have been black'"

*2019-9-30 21:19:1*

---

"China’s anti-ship hypersonic missiles have a more significant
purpose. China regards the seas to its east as essential to its
national security, and the presence of the U.S. Navy in those waters
is a threat the Chinese can’t ignore. But China can’t drive the
U.S. farther east with conventional weapons, since U.S. defensive
systems would be able to withstand any Chinese attack and a
U.S. retaliation would be harsh. But the mere existence of hypersonic
weapons that U.S. defenses could not block would force the fleet to go
farther east and out of range.

But the Chinese missiles have a crucial weakness. That weakness is
knowing the rough location of the targeted vessel. Even if the missile
had a terminal guidance system and could maneuver at extremely high
speeds and temperatures, it would need detailed information on
location. Conventional Chinese reconnaissance aircraft would have
difficulty surviving inside the U.S. air defense envelope. Unmanned
aerial vehicles would also have difficulty surviving and would be
subject to electronic warfare interfering with its transmissions to
the missile’s base or spoofing its signal. In such an attack, the
probability of success must be much higher than UAVs can likely
provide.

The attacker, therefore, must rely on satellite surveillance..."

[Link](https://geopoliticalfutures.com/hypersonics-modern-war/)

*2019-9-30 21:7:49*

---

3D printing with laser.

[Link](https://youtu.be/yiUUZxp7bLQ?t=55)

*2019-9-30 20:49:36*

---

K. Aronoff.. full of bile. I like it.

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/KateAronoff/status/1178719729520910336)

*2019-9-30 20:25:33*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In the 20th century, only 5-6 countries moved decisively from developing to developed country status. They are all in East Asia. None is known for its decentralisation in the sense you suggest, though all ensured they had many local banks. Encouraging local banks isn&#39;t IMF policy</p>&mdash; Richard Werner (@scientificecon) <a href="https://twitter.com/scientificecon/status/1178090575741931520?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-30 20:17:14*

---

Haha.. Guy did a research tracking Jim Cramer's stock recommendations,
it turns out simple SP&500 index beats Cramer.

[Link](https://jor.pm-research.com/content/6/1/45)

*2019-9-30 19:43:50*

---

<img width="400" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EFs91lQVUAAJMR_?format=jpg&name=small"/>

*2019-9-30 19:25:12*

---

Molybdenum-phosphide eh? Works on seawater!

*2019-9-30 17:9:57*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">New Catalyst Outshines Platinum for Producing Hydrogen--<a href="https://twitter.com/PNNLab?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@PNNLab</a> develops a durable, inexpensive molybdenum-phosphide catalyst that efficiently converts wastewater and seawater into <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a>--<a href="https://t.co/zmVQrfKAnj">https://t.co/zmVQrfKAnj</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://t.co/vXs2qwS18n">pic.twitter.com/vXs2qwS18n</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1178648489384910850?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 30, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-30 17:9:1*

---

\#CRYOShipping focusing on \#hydrogen - the Norwegian company has
secured government funding to develop hydrogen as a bunker fuel

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/h2_view/status/1178647465999949828)

*2019-9-30 17:6:45*

---

Unbelievable. 

"The emissions from 15 of the mega-ships match those from all the cars in the world. 

And if the shipping industry were a country, it would be ranked
between Germany and Japan as the sixth-largest contributor to global
CO2 emissions"  

[Link](https://twitter.com/Green_NewDealUK/status/1178576580274216960?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1178576580274216960)

*2019-9-30 17:4:38*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hyundai?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hyundai</a> Motor Company and Cummins Inc. sign MOU to collaborate on Hydrogen Fuel-Cell Technology to develop and commercialize electric and fuel-cell powertrains. Learn more : <a href="https://t.co/QbsaLhhJ5P">https://t.co/QbsaLhhJ5P</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/electric?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#electric</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cleanmobility?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#cleanmobility</a> <a href="https://t.co/j5A3x9qw8o">pic.twitter.com/j5A3x9qw8o</a></p>&mdash; Hyundai Worldwide (@Hyundai_Global) <a href="https://twitter.com/Hyundai_Global/status/1178577595576864768?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 30, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-30 13:44:5*

---

"It seems likely that it was soon after the takeover of Spain that the
pagan Vandals converted to Christianity. It also seems likely that the
missionaries who converted them were Goths. Arian [different from
Aryan] Christians and proud of it ...

Roman Catholicism was certainly popular among the Roman governing
classes in the West, but it wasn't so obviously the Christianity of
choice of ordinary people. Even Ambrose, the charismatic bishop of
Milan, complained of the decline in people coming to take communion
there. He said the same thing was happening in the East, but that's
not too surprising given the fact that Catholicism was imposed from
above on an Arian  population there...

There may well have been a whiff of popular discontent in people's
reluctance to attend Catholic churches, possibly connected with the
incorporation of Jesus into the imperial power structure. The Catholic
Church emphasized not his human incarnation but his transcendent
magisterial authority, his right to judge the living and the dead and
to determine their fate for all eternity. Basically, the terrible
power of Roman authority was presented as being derived from the even
more terrible power of Jesus, a looming supreme God painted on the
apse ceiling over the altar where his blood was to be drunk and his
body eaten.

The Arian Church seems to have been much more popular. Their Jesus was
not the same as the all-powerful God; he was rather less threatening,
and wasn't identified with the state" -- *Terry Jones' Barbarians*

*2019-9-30 11:47:38*

---

2017.. Hariri was "summoned" to SA, slapped around a little, made to
resign on TV? That did not stick.. Qatar blockade - didn't work.. The
shake-up..? Women can drive at the expense of women right activists? I
am still pro EG-SA-Isr-US-alliance, but this stuff is ugly. ME
countries need to "uncomplicate" reforms. Either do it, or don't.

*2019-9-30 11:47:38*

---

"@william_sw

Hyundai not sitting on the fence. Buys out Chinese [joint venture]
holder to start building FCEVs in China. This follows Toyota
ambitions. EU car makers are so far behind"

*2019-9-30 11:1:18*

---

Lessons in modeling for optimization - remain in analytical realm for
as long as possible. Where and when to discretize matters.

*2019-9-30 10:47:4*

---

Fall is the new summer.

*2019-9-30 10:20:41*

---

No it won't... What is, Alice in Wonderland? If gov did not force AT&T
to
[share](http://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/tweets/2019/week37.html#transistorPatent)
its intellectual property with other US companies during 50s, there
would not be a vibrant electronics market today. I'll jive off the
hammer/nail analogy, just because we have a hammer does not magically
hit on every nail when we need to. We need to point the hammer toward
the nail - capitalism being the hammer.

(Also not every problem is a nail)

"But capitalism will fix every problem"

*2019-9-30 10:0:56*

---

No that was a trend. Talked about it
[before](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2016/06/q-36.html#howitis).

"Being 'out of the ordinary' started with Trump" 

*2019-9-30 9:11:56*

---

My first English teacher was an Australian, that's why... Mrs. M was a
great lady. She looked like a dark haired Angela Merkel, and had a
glass eye. We all speculated it was bcz of a shark attack.

"Why do you spell color as colour? Do you speaka Americanese?"

*2019-9-30 9:5:33*

---

The Solid Doctor - Bye Bye \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/HhwtnDf4qO4?t=201)

*2019-9-30 9:5:33*

---

Do you want TP? For the bunghole?

*2019-9-30 8:50:31*

---

I had pondered what'd be the best way to spring this Biden thing; I
have to say among the many possibilities, this is the best. People are
mostly uniformed on the minutea of politics, but this news will
intrigue them, because the Biden story is the "story behind the
story", the secondary conclusion if you will, with a little digging
they will feel like they "discovered" it.

*2019-9-29 21:54:5*

---

But the key thing is everyone is now talking about Bidens and Ukraine. Then they will talk about Bidens and China... On it goes.. All this is pulling attention to the smoke, ppl will soon find the fire (Biden corruption).

"@KFILE

In this interview, @jaketapper pushes back as Rep. Jim Jordan pushes continued misleading and false accusations about the Bidens and Ukraine"

*2019-9-29 21:54:5*

---

Ian Bremmer: “Biden Does Have A Problem,” Hunter Biden Was Paid “Clearly To Be Selling Influence”

[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e40UGSVSEL4&feature=youtu.be)

*2019-9-29 19:26:31*

---

Ubuntu FTW

👍👍🤓🤓👨‍💻👨‍💻

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I changed my shell and my terminal emulator and deleted my swap partition on my laptop this weekend. I love this OS. <a href="https://t.co/0ODhOgQo8N">https://t.co/0ODhOgQo8N</a></p>&mdash; Casey Doran (@CaseyDoran) <a href="https://twitter.com/CaseyDoran/status/1178157182333804544?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 29, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-29 18:15:40*

---

"@fuelcellsworks

Michelin: The Development of Hydrogen is Accelerating--With 80% of
France’s hydrogen sector players located in its territory, the region
has committed to #hydrogen alongside @Michelin and @ENGIEgroup"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1178319721638350848)

*2019-9-29 18:12:19*

---

Too good.

"MSNBC once had another respected billionaire, Harvey Weinstein, on to
call Bernie a sexist"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/sunraysunray/status/1178279300010786816)

*2019-9-29 18:6:26*

---

Was that racist? 

Get it? Because [he is black](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcThbEnPXHgxc49D3Sp5O_Y8toson-SVTKAODqI8pDmBJ37Y_QyV)..? wahahaha.

*2019-9-29 17:22:44*

---

He is literally protesting against himself.

"@JustinTrudeau

Today we marched for our planet, for our kids, and for their future"

[Link](https://twitter.com/justintrudeau/status/1177703438869774341)

*2019-9-29 17:21:27*

---

German public opinion was pro-immigration before Syrian refugees, now
against it. Public op is fickle, this should not be a surprise because
they dont know much. They elect the politician for the long term, so
pols should act for that long-term too. It makes sense electorally to
prepare for that distant vote too. If DE politician went with public
op on immigration then, they would be paying the price for it now.

Act the speed of your institution. Forget this socmed bullshit. 

*2019-9-29 11:37:37*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">No, “cynical&quot; and &quot;devastating&quot; is making sick and disabled people pay for the financial crash. Your policy pushed hundreds of thousands into poverty, made families lose their homes and denied benefits to the terminally ill. That&#39;s your legacy. That’s what Labour will end <a href="https://t.co/YTKhEhQ0Et">https://t.co/YTKhEhQ0Et</a></p>&mdash; Jeremy Corbyn (@jeremycorbyn) <a href="https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/1178021100556619780?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-29 11:28:58*

---

I wonder if Eng royalty resigned themselves to being royals of little
England as long as they remain in their little palaces. Because Brexit
will result in exactly that. Time to abolish?

*2019-9-29 10:14:45*

---

The Trump train is a never-ending comedy routine. If you are on the
right side of it.

*2019-9-29 10:19:31*

---

Hey, at least there is more [diversity](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/sep/25/trump-wildlife-service-pick-anti-animal-protection-groups-aurelia-skipwith).

"@CREWcrew

Let’s not let this get lost in this crazy week of news: Trump appointed a former Monsanto staffer to head the US Fish and Wildlife Service"

*2019-9-29 8:48:42*

---



<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Latest good boi. Does a bunch of things in concert, each of which was worth a PhD just a few years ago: SLAM, visual odometry, 3D scanning, depth sensing, obstacle avoidance, dynamic pathfinding<br>All off-the-shelf parts, under $1k<a href="https://twitter.com/IntelRealSense?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@IntelRealSense</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/slamtec?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@slamtec</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/RicohTweets?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@RicohTweets</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/HoloBuilder?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@HoloBuilder</a> <a href="https://t.co/gwtcvxswy5">pic.twitter.com/gwtcvxswy5</a></p>&mdash; Chris Anderson (@chr1sa) <a href="https://twitter.com/chr1sa/status/1178107253657718784?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 29, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-29 7:56:25*

---

"@EFF

As governments ramp up efforts to counter online extremism, we remind them that quick “solutions” all too often lead to censorship"

*2019-9-29 1:6:16*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Reminder to those of us who regularly use autopilot that this is the current state of Tesla computer vision. <a href="https://t.co/TUgeYAYG4T">pic.twitter.com/TUgeYAYG4T</a></p>&mdash; Daniel Raffel (@danielraffel) <a href="https://twitter.com/danielraffel/status/1178064229418426368?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-29 1:4:36*

---

A bread afficiando here. Absolutely love the shit. So camping
superfood needs to contain it. Latest formula chestnuts, dried plums,
dried bread (sold in stores), mix and blend.

*2019-9-28 21:34:16*

---

I took the gradient of the freakiest function that I wrote with
`autograd`, gave that gradient to scipy optimizer which accepted it and
kindly optimized over it. This changes everything, how optimization is
taught in classes.

*2019-9-28 21:18:13*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt Ltd (TKML), the Indian subsidiary of Japan’s <a href="https://twitter.com/ToyotaMotorCorp?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@ToyotaMotorCorp</a> is testing their <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelcellNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelcellNow</a> electric car <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Mirai?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Mirai</a> in India - <a href="https://t.co/as3Rgw1lfz">https://t.co/as3Rgw1lfz</a></p>&mdash; IEA Hydrogen (@IEA_Hydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/IEA_Hydrogen/status/1177996408437301249?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-28 21:0:36*

---

"Japan, which is seeking to promote the development of hydrogen energy
worldwide, said on Wednesday that it had received support from 30
countries for a plan to set up 10,000 hydrogen refuelling stations
worldwide within 10 years"

[Link](https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/japan-draws-support-global-hydrogen-112109145.html)

*2019-9-28 20:47:59*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">India unveils indigenous fuel cell system that can replace polluting DG sets – pv magazine India <a href="https://t.co/K7jcrlGl41">https://t.co/K7jcrlGl41</a></p>&mdash; james kaff (@kaffjamesnewtow) <a href="https://twitter.com/kaffjamesnewtow/status/1177919383664025600?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 28, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-28 16:45:0*

---

Doh!

[Link 1](https://mobile.twitter.com/Justinkyser/status/1177775627098902529)

[Link 2](https://mobile.twitter.com/abgoswami/status/1177773811497721856)

[Link 3](https://mobile.twitter.com/DirtyTesla/status/1177788043585097729)

*2019-9-28 13:39:32*

---

Uranium investing! 😶

[Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvsJUvr2Fzk)

*2019-9-28 10:55:30*

---

Unfortunately much of "futurism" is co-opted by rabid free-marketers -
libertards, centrists, even right-wingers (like Newt, a total
dumbass). Toffler's futurism was about outlining the evolution of tech
and pointing to downsides of that tech and the need for a new social
contract. Most of that analysis fell on deaf ears.

It feels odd telling Americans about this stuff - Toff is not my
jigger. He is yours.

*2019-9-28 8:45:4*

---

Maybe this is why caps always talk abt these "futuristic" solutions
for every problem, like Dalio, the "spaz billionaire", says "education
will fix poverty".

Education is completely about the future. It won't create any
"returns" before 10, 20 years.

Poverty, lack of healthcare is in the now. You have to focus on the
now for these kinds of problems.

*2019-9-28 8:45:4*

---

Much of capitalism is abt future; credit is all abt future. He was
negative, but came back from it, probably wout much loss in quality of
life.

*2019-9-28 8:45:4*

---

Haha.. While near bankruptcy Trump sees homeless guy tells daughter
"see that man, he is 8 million richer than me". Cuz he is zero, and he
is millions in debt? so negative? That's funny.

*2019-9-28 8:44:12*

---

Boulders? 

Sign of late-stage capitalism must be homelessness among
billionaires. And boulders on sidewalks.

"Some neighbors pooled together $2000 to dump 24 boulders into the
sidewalk as a form of “anti-homeless decoration”... That’s money they
could used to help people. Instead they tried to hide problems the
city’s problems from just their block.  It didn’t even work
though. The rocks placement is barbaric and make walking more
difficult for everyone"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/djbaskin/status/1177411336957038592)

*2019-9-28 8:37:19*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">practically begging to be nationalized <a href="https://t.co/dQ334Vfimq">https://t.co/dQ334Vfimq</a></p>&mdash; Kate Aronoff (@KateAronoff) <a href="https://twitter.com/KateAronoff/status/1177679870794575872?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 27, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-28 8:31:40*

---

I did not know so much revolved around a horse's ass. Fascinating
thread.

"So the next time you are handed a specification / procedure / process
and wonder 'What horse's ass came up with this?', you may be exactly
right"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/BillHolohanSolr/status/1177631604186996737)

*2019-9-28 8:25:8*

---

"Bitcoin did not ask for national regulatory approvals before spreading
globally.

In the same way, the Lot49 protocol can operate at a global scale
without first needing to negotiate the antiquated telecom regulations
of every country in the world"

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/GlobalMeshLabs/status/1177538372627099651)

*2019-9-28 8:18:28*

---

"80 billion mobile messages are sent each day via carriers and
ISPs. Mobile mesh networks offer an anti-fragile, decentralized
alternative that can extend connectivity to places centralized
networks can’t"

[Link](https://globalmeshlabs.org/)

*2019-9-28 8:16:50*

---

I wish your readers well, don't die a terrible death, and don't break
a leg. Don't go eff yourself, ever.

[Link](https://mobile.twitter.com/PageSix/status/1177302006878392321)

*2019-9-27 22:37:56*

---

Car with 110-120 of available range could not finish a pursuit nor a
70-90 mile shift bcz of 10 minutes of high speeds. This is inferior
tech. Noone should touch it with a ten-foot pole.

"Fremont Police Tesla Near-Dead Battery Forces Officer Off Pursuit"

[Link](https://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2019/09/25/fremont-police-tesla-out-of-electricity-pursuit/amp/)

*2019-9-27 22:7:33*

---

The exiled Chi bizman Guo says the same thing.. so strange. But
apparently their finance arm is legit?

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">If <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%24BABA&amp;src=ctag&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">$BABA</a> has to choose between submitting for a proper audit and a delist, they will delist. It is a giant fraud that doesn&#39;t even try to hide it with leaked emails about record performance. If <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%24BABA&amp;src=ctag&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">$BABA</a> gets a delist, Masa is in big trouble.</p>&mdash; TeslaCharts (@TESLAcharts) <a href="https://twitter.com/TESLAcharts/status/1177646275782725633?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 27, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-27 22:0:54*

---

Oh it's comin

🌊 🌊 🌊

*2019-9-27 17:12:33*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/BREAKING?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#BREAKING</a>: African envoys urge UK government to abide by court ruling; warn that the UK could be suspended from the Commonwealth should the government continue to subvert democracy. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Brexit?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Brexit</a></p>&mdash; gathara (@gathara) <a href="https://twitter.com/gathara/status/1176555327338274816?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 24, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-27 16:1:30*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Switzerland?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Switzerland</a> will become the world&#39;s largest <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/truck?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#truck</a> market with <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hyundai?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hyundai</a> Hydrogen Mobility, the joint venture between Hyundai Motor and the <a href="https://twitter.com/SwissHydrogenSA?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@SwissHydrogenSA</a> company <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> Energy. 1,600 heavy-duty Hyundai H2 Xcient <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> trucks will be deployed in the next five years. <a href="https://t.co/NHDmsEYq1M">pic.twitter.com/NHDmsEYq1M</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogfan (@hydrogfan) <a href="https://twitter.com/hydrogfan/status/1177464758112411651?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 27, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-27 9:55:26*

---

Yang has momentum, how about others? Where are the young generation of
Dems? Centrism wiped out an entire generation of Democrats, the only
ones with any oomph are the ones who've been around for a while, even
for centrists, sadly (they are getting Bama's VP but with working
class bent). This is very sad to see. I can't see a single youngster
with credibility - Boot-Edge-Edge? Booker? With their spick-and-span,
clean-cut, good student, mama's boy demenour? \#sad

*2019-9-27 7:49:41*

---

Indian mission to the Moon was mostly a success. The orbiter is still
there, and doing its work. Only the lander failed, at the last second
of landing.

[Link](https://youtu.be/6qMYmtOv-YQ?t=177)

*2019-9-27 7:49:41*

---

See helicopter works bcz Titan has dense atmo. Rotors have air to push
to create lift. The same task is much harder on Mars.

And this article saz terraforming is at least possible? 🖖

[Link](https://www.universetoday.com/128532/terraform-saturns-moons/)

*2019-9-27 7:49:41*

---

GET TO DA CHOPPA

That's awesome. Sending a helicopter to Titan.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">BIG NEWS: The next <a href="https://twitter.com/NASASolarSystem?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@NASASolarSystem</a> mission is… <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Dragonfly?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Dragonfly</a> – a rotorcraft lander mission to Saturn’s largest moon Titan. This ocean world is the only moon in our solar system with a dense atmosphere &amp; we’re so excited to see what Dragonfly discovers: <a href="https://t.co/whePqbuGBq">https://t.co/whePqbuGBq</a> <a href="https://t.co/BQdMhSZfgP">pic.twitter.com/BQdMhSZfgP</a></p>&mdash; Jim Bridenstine (@JimBridenstine) <a href="https://twitter.com/JimBridenstine/status/1144334797101260800?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 27, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-27 7:27:56*

---

"@Fuelcellbus

Since 2017, we started to see a switch from demonstration to
commercial. 12 bus manufacturers are now producing #fuelcell buses for
the European market." says Ben Madden, Element Energy

*2019-9-26 22:39:26*

---

Geiseric, the Vandal ruler who sacked Rome was Arian Christian. In
this sect Jesus is not God, but a human, a messenger. Catholic Rome
turned Jesus into God, so the emperor could associate himself with
him, and become God. Vandals (whose name is forever associated with
untoward acts to cities due to Roman propaganda) were chased away by
the empire, but they survived, flourished in Carthege, and later
mobilized and sacked Rome. This is another instance where the battle
between Christianity and faux Christianity played a role, contributing
to the collapse of a mafia-state.

*2019-9-26 21:55:23*

---

Let's do this

<img src="https://i.pinimg.com/736x/91/38/4f/91384f13013e88ef3929ed0b14590c75.jpg" width="400"/>

*2019-9-26 19:49:21*

---

WANT

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Throwing it back to last weekend. Go onboard and experience what it is like to drive <a href="https://twitter.com/MissionH24?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@MissionH24</a>’s LMPH2G during FP1 in Spa-Francorchamps! 💦<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/LMC?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#LMC</a> | <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/SPAROUND?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#SPAROUND</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/OlivLombard?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@OlivLombard</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/NatoNorman?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@NatoNorman</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/24hoursoflemans?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@24hoursoflemans</a> <a href="https://t.co/WEwZrsVoys">pic.twitter.com/WEwZrsVoys</a></p>&mdash; Le Mans Cup (@LeMansCup) <a href="https://twitter.com/LeMansCup/status/1177254617299726338?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 26, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-26 19:24:24*

---

"@Philmoorhouse76

The Conservative government shut down parliament illegally for over two weeks and then had the nerve to ask it to shut itself down for another week so that they could have their rotten conference in peace. It seems parliament turned down the request"

*2019-9-26 16:39:51*

---

Hey that's ot bad, no? It could circle all around (earlier versions in fact did), but this one just goes up a little and down. 

<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EFdV26nU8AATCx2?format=png&name=small" width="400"/>

*2019-9-26 16:37:39*

---


That doesn't indicate shit. Quite the opposite, implicit in the fact
the government triggered the referendum communicated to the people
that *they* thought it was doable. This was false. Gov thought no such
thing. Why trigger the referandum then? Cameron, in a moment of
weakness, miscalculation did it to silence the EU skeptics. I wrote
abt the rest
[here](http://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2019/01/qa-1.html#brexit).

"The public voted for Brexit that must surely indicate it was doable"

*2019-9-26 16:5:4*

---

Fila Brazillia - The Bugs Will Bite \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/3fyP69-6VW8)

*2019-9-26 15:6:23*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">No, they are utterly dependent on the opposition losing their nerve and giving him his general election before the extension date.</p>&mdash; Phil (@Philmoorhouse76) <a href="https://twitter.com/Philmoorhouse76/status/1177165318701113345?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 26, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-26 13:32:28*

---

"@acgrayling

Johnson’s ‘bull in china shop’ act & the hysterical screeching of the far-right foreign-owned newspapers are signs of panic. They are cornered rats. Their precioussss tax-avoiding Brexit dream is in danger. Keep opposing: reason & right are on Remain’s side"

*2019-9-26 13:30:35*

---

"@Jkylebass

The HK exchange bid for the LSE is rooted in the fact that the LSE owns FTSE indicies. Chinese bonds aren’t currently in the FTSE. The crafty Chinese are thinking that a $39billion bid for the exchange can net them $200 billion in capital flows once they force inclusion \#china"

*2019-9-26 13:29:37*

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In this in-between stage of autonomy (trucks, cars, drones), we have the worst of both worlds: no productivity gain (we still need 1 person per robot, even if they&#39;re not doing anything) &amp; no new challenging tasks for humans<br><br>Hard to imagine a worse job than truck &quot;safety driver&quot; <a href="https://t.co/xLsPbrgCEn">https://t.co/xLsPbrgCEn</a></p>&mdash; Chris Anderson (@chr1sa) <a href="https://twitter.com/chr1sa/status/1177080984505745408?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 26, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

*2019-9-26 9:17:7*

---
