# Tweets - Week 28

Maudin, time travel not possible. 

[Video](https://youtu.be/Yfb_q05eLwQ?t=72)

---

Dang they say 7.1 will take your bed and throw it out the window? Kill
half of Stanpoli? Id like to finish what I started before this thing
hits man. 

---

Really? Why are Aussies so into Huawei?

"But although more cash and more staff can multiply an ambassador’s
effectiveness [in Washington], they cannot make her effective on its
own. What counts is having a clear objective, and pursuing it in every
possible way. France has been single-minded about the Iran deal,
Australia about Huawei." [Link](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2019/07/how-uk-fell-out-step-dc/593692/)

---

"@zerohedge

Since 2008: 

Stocks have risen 14% annualized

Home prices have risen 5% annualized

Real wage growth is negative

The Fed has been tremendously successful at making the rich richer while destroying the middle class"

---

Great rendition of *All Along the Watchtower* for BSG s03e20, 

[Link](https://youtu.be/BigolJfoANw?t=199)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Customers asked for it and here it is: the A1000 <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/electrolyzer?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#electrolyzer</a> is now available!<a href="https://t.co/19ph4pHhWZ">https://t.co/19ph4pHhWZ</a> <a href="https://t.co/adqoX0e1vV">pic.twitter.com/adqoX0e1vV</a></p>&mdash; Nel Hydrogen (@nelhydrogen) <a href="https://twitter.com/nelhydrogen/status/1149262457707421696?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 11, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Why we became bipedal - [Link](https://youtu.be/IBa9VzC4s48?t=100)

---

I was referring to NYT Brooks last week. 

---

I needed linearization around stable point derivation, who had it?
Strogatz Nonlin Dyn classes of course, lecture 6. Ma man.

---

"SINGAPORE — Horizon Fuel Cell Technologies has announced the signing
of an MOU to supply 1,000 units of 100kW and higher automotive fuel
cell systems for heavy duty trucks within three years, with the first
units to be delivered in the second half of 2019. This represents one
of the largest deployments of fuel cell heavy vehicles globally."

---

"@jacobinmag Centrists claim free college is a giveaway to the
rich. But durable social-democratic programs have to be universal,
covering even the wealthy. Plus we're going to raise their taxes to
pay for it, anyway."

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">7 USC §7734 &amp; 7 CFR §301.85(b)(1) make it a federal crime to take decomposed manure from New York and bring it to another state.</p>&mdash; A Crime a Day (@CrimeADay) <a href="https://twitter.com/CrimeADay/status/1149108767730089984?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 11, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Dropout is patented? One of the most basic building blocks of deep
learning. If Goog goes after ppl bcz of this patent, it will not be
cool.

[End software
patents](https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/2014/06/welcome-to-software-patents.html)

"@chipro Google's dropout patent went active [today](https://twitter.com/chipro/status/1148481062403596293) and we should all be worried"

---

Great! Push for fast payments. I Dont care how we get there. Good job
Ms Presley.

[Link](https://youtu.be/ZvfYmpUhqRI?t=20)

---

All I am offering is the truth, nothing more

---

Yo

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Delta 1425 from Atlanta to Baltimore diverted to Raleigh (Via <a href="https://twitter.com/Micahlifa?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Micahlifa</a>) <a href="https://t.co/JHiTkYN2R1">pic.twitter.com/JHiTkYN2R1</a></p>&mdash; Will Horton (@winglets747) <a href="https://twitter.com/winglets747/status/1148729401955106817?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 9, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Isn't that just wonderful?

```python
from sympy import *

x, y, z = symbols('x y z')

m = Matrix([sin(x) + y, cos(y) + x, z])

pprint (m.jacobian([x, y, z]))
```
```text
⎡cos(x)     1     0⎤
⎢                  ⎥
⎢  1     -sin(y)  0⎥
⎢                  ⎥
⎣  0        0     1⎦
```

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">In ene.field, a <a href="https://twitter.com/EU_H2020?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@EU_H2020</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/fch_ju?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@fch_ju</a> project, more than 1000 <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuelcell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuelcell</a> units for combined heat and power in small buildings (micro-CHP) have been tested for five years. Now the results have been published: <a href="https://t.co/2oFb3WX2TK">https://t.co/2oFb3WX2TK</a>. End-user experience was very positive.</p>&mdash; DTU Energy (@DTUEnergy) <a href="https://twitter.com/DTUEnergy/status/1148890626160828416?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 10, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Hey not bad, does the job

[Link](https://twitter.com/NinjaEconomics/status/1148624866712510464)

---

Jamie Fox convo with artists, one says "NBC stands for n..a be careful". 

---

Woha. Huge number.

"ICE is ready to deport 1M illegals says top immigration official"

---

Ok.. looks like some real math is being used. Good.

---

Haha.. just saw SpaceX Falcon lander simulation package on Github, to
test out different landing strats (landing on a small platform at sea)

https://github.com/arex18/rocket-lander

It talks abt one RL "Deep Shit" style controller. I wonder if SX used
that in their lander? I'd be very disappointed if they did.  Doc says
RL style did very well. Will you pay me money if I beat that approach
with straight LQR?

---

The plan is cartpole, lunar lander, than maybe rocket-lander.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">There are a bunch of BEV taxi drivers in China......that do not like their BEV taxis.  Charging times are too long. <a href="https://t.co/QBFPFvnBtu">https://t.co/QBFPFvnBtu</a></p>&mdash; james kaff (@kaffjamesnewtow) <a href="https://twitter.com/kaffjamesnewtow/status/1148627406049226753?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 9, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Just saw this by the metro line today, warning passengers about a
27500 Volt electric line! Suggesting not to approach more than 2
meters. I believe they are talking about the lines that go above the
trains to power them?

<img width="300" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/muratk3n/thirdwave/master/en/tweets/2019/train1.png"/>

BTW this is an incredibly stupid design. You could safely and cleanly power the trains with hydrogen, no need for such crazy warnings and no need need for mile long cables. 

---

In May 2019, Angstrom Advanced Inc officially completed the Microgrid
hydrogen-based power-storage system demonstration project. [..] This
groundbreaking project was the first of its kind on the East Coast of
the United States.[..]

The success of this project also proved the feasibility of
establishing and implementing “Hydrogen Energy Communities” or
“Hydrogen Cities”. In such a scenario, hydrogen would be the critical
medium in bringing together renewable energy (solar, wind, hydro,
etc.), power, heat and utilities, and the ability for grid
peak-shift. Additionally, hydrogen can be used as a backup power
source, as well as the fuel for Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles
(FCVs). The ultimate goal of the “Hydrogen Energy Communities” is to
take advantage of hydrogen as a clean, zero emission energy source to
achieve sustainable development.

[Link](https://fuelcellsworks.com/news/hydrogen-based-microgrid-demonstration-project-successfully-completed/)

---

Yang is Just Do It Nike Man type. When in doubt, act (obviously don't
act for the f--k of it either). These ppl lock themselves into
inaction overthinking stuff. They also worry too much about saying
what others expect them to say (in the negative). 

---

I am starting to realize ppl make money through obfuscation. Why
explain when u can hide? Take the simplest thing a spin up an
obnoxious story around it? Imbeciles (goaded to be that way by ppl who
should know better) will eat it up. So called "religion", science,
journalism is replete with this.

---

In my writeups, in order to show end result I take snapshots from "the
system", and save them as simple images. "The system" could be my code
(for pendulum, double pendulum not too hard), or lunar lander, cart
pole from an outside simulator. In either case snapshots are taken,
saved, and I combine snapshots with ImageMagick for an animated gif
and share that as simple file.

So reader can see end result immediately, one click, see animation,
and more important, he sees how those snapshots are taken from the
system, shared as code in the writeup.

Setup requirements, nearly zero. Just one additional package install
on Python, if that.

Wiggers niggers dont get it. Less dependence, simplicity is better. 

---

Docker tech can create a fully installed machine from a single
image. Instead of writing down a long list of "install this and this
first" some ppl like to just share a docker image.

But it is an overkill for this case. 

---

I am emailing frickin MIT professor who taught such classes. He has
code but to make it work gazillion instl steps needed (readme actually
talks abt using a docker image!), and he turned the code into a
"framework" (which means scattering shit in multiple places so it
becomes extremely hard to follow). I bet he is thinking "Imma do a
startup one day, maybe, and this is how pro code looks like".

On an old vid of his I saw a boring-ass code on screen, i asked him
"where is that?". He is like yo that's gone man.

Bitch what have u done? Guy is failing with his first duty to the
public, to educate.

---

The state of sci education is obnoxiously bad. How much effort does it
take to do a write up on math, code that shows simple physical
systems. It turns out noone thought of it.

---

Without women we're just bunch of brutes. Look at this teacher, so
nice. The toy plastered top left on the blackboard is her TA
(announced in the 1st lecture). Isnt that nice?
https://youtu.be/aNiPDunyXt0

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Who said air conditioning is sexist? What is happening? I hate twitter I always feel 85 years old here</p>&mdash; sighorny beaver (@merrydevo) <a href="https://twitter.com/merrydevo/status/1148230185440960513?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 8, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"But the invention of compass was so important!"

No it wasn't. You can find true north by just looking at the
sun. Remember the tilt of the Earth, so "at noon, it looms in the
middle of the horizon and directly south. That means when you're
facing the sun at noon, walking directly toward it will take you
south". At nights there are other methods. 

<img width="300" src="http://media.opencurriculum.org/images/uploads/1140-resource_1.jpg"/>

On other times, use watch, 

<img width="300"  src="https://cdn.hswstatic.com/gif/watch2.jpg"/>

[Link](https://adventure.howstuffworks.com/survival/wilderness/true-north2.htm)

---

Right on dude. I'm right there with you

"Riccati-Differenzialgleichungen". 

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Huygens is underappreciated. He was one of the all-time greats. Even Newton revered him; called him “Summus Hugenius”. <a href="https://t.co/jjrQBuOm0T">https://t.co/jjrQBuOm0T</a></p>&mdash; Steven Strogatz (@stevenstrogatz) <a href="https://twitter.com/stevenstrogatz/status/1148198784448507904?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 8, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@Stefan_BC 

I guess 'anti woke left' is somewhat catchier than “adult South Park
fan” "

---

Oh yeah.. Smoke it up monkey boy..

<img width="200"  src="https://muratk3n.github.io/thirdwave/en/tweets/2019/musk_smoke.png"/>

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">The other funny thing about <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%24TSLA&amp;src=ctag&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">$TSLA</a> bragging about &quot;production&quot; when we KNOW July sales have fallen off a cliff is that it was leaked by Guillen. As Fraud-Boy hates sharing the spotlight, I wonder if his lawyers warned him not to leak anything else &amp; this is his &quot;workaround,&quot; lol.</p>&mdash; Mark B. Spiegel (@markbspiegel) <a href="https://twitter.com/markbspiegel/status/1148924281860120576?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 10, 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Calculus works well for physics because Calculus digs into the very
small (then puts it back together - derivation / integration) and the
real world also consists of the very small. So the mathematical method
mirrors the real world.

For AI what would that parallel be? What is the most basic building
block of thought?

"A match" maybe? Like ATPPTPPT is the same as ATPPTPPT, or a cat is
visually the same as another cat, within constraints. If something is
not the same, how similar is it? Can that be measured?

Maybe an algebra can be built around such basic building blocks. A
match, a pattern.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">1/2 This article by <a href="https://twitter.com/dbressoud?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@dbressoud</a> has an enticing outline of the big ideas:<a href="https://t.co/sg1su4GmwK">https://t.co/sg1su4GmwK</a><br><br>Starting w/ accumulation &amp; introducing series via Taylor polynomials have worked for me. The research on Ts&#39; and Ss&#39; understanding of slope is already informing my tutoring!</p>&mdash; Greg Stanton (@HigherMathNotes) <a href="https://twitter.com/HigherMathNotes/status/1147360147515199488?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 6, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---


So Idlib is going under the knife?

"At least 544 civilians have been killed and over 2,000 people injured since a Russian-led assault on the last rebel bastion in northwestern Syria began two months ago, rights groups and rescuers said on Saturday. "

---

"@robdelaney Fun watching the inbred British press trash Labour as
they grapple with the upcoming nightmare Johnson premiership they know
they won’t be able to sell to the public."

---

(CNN) — Intense heat waves have killed more than 100 people in India
this summer and are predicted to worsen in coming years, creating a
possible humanitarian crisis as large parts of the country potentially
become too hot to be inhabitable.

[Link](https://edition-m.cnn.com/2019/07/03/asia/india-heat-wave-survival-hnk-intl/index.html?r=https%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FvBt11SU27O)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I am disappointed that Science has allowed an abstract of a, otherwise good, paper to say that planting trees is &quot;our most effective climate change solution to date&quot;. This is factually wrong and certainly a distraction. 1/2<a href="https://t.co/mDGHbR0Uun">https://t.co/mDGHbR0Uun</a> <a href="https://t.co/QjJ3HdeLVm">pic.twitter.com/QjJ3HdeLVm</a></p>&mdash; Pep Canadell (@pepcanadell) <a href="https://twitter.com/pepcanadell/status/1147066574299377664?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 5, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Too funny. All my favorite buzzwords in one place.

"Laclau also cited the transformative nature of EVs, artificial
intelligence, machine learning and the cross-sectoral push for
electrification (..) Those tipping points have likely got ..."

[Link](https://www.pv-magazine.com/2019/07/05/ey-blog-warns-grid-operators-the-clock-is-ticking/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Organic&utm_content=EY_clock_ticking_Post_Twitter&utm_campaign=GenCell_Social)

---

"@LCTTA I wish I could get students to appreciate that Einstein took
about ten years to learn differential geometry, so there’s no shame in
taking time to understand anything. There is no stigma, only deeper
understanding, which is never bad."

---

Did the latest Spiderman mov just shut down multiverse theory? Bcz
Mysterio said he was from another universe, but he was a bullshitter.

Iron Man for fuel cells, now this? It's good!

---

Haha..dude wrote a hip-hop song referencing a famous Rocky 4 scene,
the lyrics keep saying "if he dies, he dies", repeating I. Drago line
cuz in the scene shows another black man brutalized "pushed down by
the white man"..

[Video](https://youtu.be/EiTYwecY41c?t=111)

---

Good..

Does that mean less likelihood of "doing" Iran?

"In our [G. Friedman] 2019 forecast, we predicted the United States
and the Taliban would reach a deal in Afghanistan and that before the
end of the year Washington would announce a schedule for withdrawing
the bulk of its forces. That forecast seems roughly on track"

---

Wut?

"@Intel_sky High Expected strike will be made by #IAF & #USAF in Syria very soon".

--- 

Still cracks me up...

Not cutting could be signal for lowered crisis expectations signaling
positive view of the economy causing stocks to go higher but no, in
the bizarro world we live in, stocks go DOWN.

"Wall Street dips as rate cut expectations relax"

---

Ahh how did I miss u Jorge? Mute.

---

Cars in many ways are mission critical applications. An app that needs
to work in life / death, sometimes extreme weather situations. So
which idiot thought it was a good idea to put your bloody laptop
battery to power it? It will degrade just like your notebook battery,
it wont work in cold weather, when u r out of power, u need a frickin
charging station to come to you.

Seriously. Who are these people? I need names and addresses.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">How was your day? <a href="https://t.co/HtNRaKLTvf">pic.twitter.com/HtNRaKLTvf</a></p>&mdash; hardmaru (@hardmaru) <a href="https://twitter.com/hardmaru/status/1147130742578663425?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 5, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

These are not different civilizations, they are part of the same
one. They were all agrarian based mafia civilizations.

Then there was the British Empire, with its gunships, trains, clocks
which was a *completely* different civilization.

Civilizations are based on the means of production.

"Egyptian civilization... Roman civilization"

---

What's this thing I hear China is having trouble finding cheap H2 tank
solutions.. How do Hyundai, Toyota, Nikola handle this? I can't
imagine tank tech being more expensive than LPG tanks.

---

Summers is one confused son of a bitch. After crisis says "Minsky
explains it", then "a chronic shortfall in the demand for investment
relative to the supply of savings". Now you are lost. If you continued
on Minsky mathematically u'd land on Keen providing you little insight
on credit.

---

Darn.. Nazis going green. 

[Link](https://twitter.com/H2Europe/status/1147065738097823744)

---

"This needs to be a people's revolution", etc. Bernie does say these
things but let's not forget this is coming from a leftist who's been
pushed outside the system for decades. He is worried "what will happen
to this movement if I wasn't around as a leader?". He is worried the
left being overrun by the right again.

But personally I don't think a repeat of post-Berlin Wall situation is
possible; That euphoria, with a sense of victory, an evil empire gone,
these things are unlikely to be repeated near-to-mid future. The left
is here to stay.

I'd worry more about Dems being corrupted past the point of no-return,
failing to provide a home for left thereby creating a vacuum in the
political sphere.

---

"The [EU] Commission barely had time to celebrate reaching its
historic trade agreement with the South American bloc (comprising
Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay) late Friday — after 20 years
of negotiations — when a storm of criticism blew in. Senior
politicians and agriculture lobbies said the deal is a risk to
Europe's sacrosanct farming sector and food safety standards, and
threatened to block its approval."

[Link](https://www.politico.eu/article/mercosur-europe-trade-deal-commission-scrambles-to-defend/)

---

RIP

"Mitchell Feigenbaum, physicist who pioneered chaos theory, has died"

---

Haha.. this guy is the ultimate un-tuber. He makes videos like "SETI
project (looking for alien signals) found
NOTHING. https://youtu.be/-kJ68zq0pC8. Or this, it one says Oumuamua
was NOT an alien sail. https://youtu.be/zHHXTd18J7k

---

