# Q&A - 23/1
What is known as "left" today is just something to do with French parliament's seating order [during 18th century, Jacobins sat on the upper left benches]

No

It's not just that. It is not simply about blue-collar workers vs. capitalists division either.

I believe the true division between left and right has to do with the division between forager and the farmer. Forager can "go out there" and with some amount of work (spurts of very focused work, not constant toiling) get what he needs. Farmer works on the same land, with boundaries, and he toils away on this land constantly. This is what is known as "hard work". So forager's expectation that resources are available (he cannot stash it away), and the farmer's expectation to protect a clearly delineated land defines the division between right and left. Right's exclusionary (or overly inclusionary, when they need slave labor) streak has to be related to this. The mobile, adaptable forager would not care. Farmer creates all kinds of structures, social, hierarchical, cultural, and becomes trapped by them. More seeds, more land, bigger families, more seeds. Rinse repeat. Some become big landowners, employers = concept of status is born.

Question

Is slavery related to farming?

Absolutely

If we look at a slave as a economic unit, you have to get more out of him economically then you put in. Only in an agrarian setting is this possible. Rome, Ottomans all had slaves. Slavery really did not have anything to do with skin color - well, my guess is in US it was preferred, because Africa was on one of the trade routes, plus, in a white society it was easier to identify slaves if they were in different color, that could have been another reason for black slavery in America. But otherwise there was slavery of all kinds around the Mediterranean - white or black.

Question

The first beginnings of science took off with the start of agrarian era. Is there a relation?

Yes

The patronage of scientists became possible and you could say this way, some people could focus exclusively on science, so naturally we had more science. The need for it was certainly there, counting, planning, engineering various things and also for war. But naval exploration of the Atlantic, Pacific created that need as well, in even bigger scale, so we had much bigger, better science.

Samuel Huntington

The great political ideologies of the twentieth century include liberalism, socialism, anarchism, corporatism, Marxism, communism, social democracy, conservatism, nationalism, fascism, and Christian democracy. They all share one thing in common: they are products of Western civilization. No other civilization has generated a significant political ideology. The West, however, has never generated a major religion.

True

Good observation... It would seem odd at first but it makes sense once we understand religion is politics of ancient times. Especially all Abrahamic religions are about re-introducing forager / left sensibilities into farmer / right world. Farmers, let's call them goatfuckers, tried to co-opt these ways, and in Catholic Church's case they largely succeeded, but now knowledge-age will reshuffle the deck once more. Mobility will win, immobility will lose along with its inane prudes.

Question

Does one always need plants, animals for hunting-gathering?

Fishing will do too

"A seemingly unending resource which you can just go get, and cannot stash". Fish fits this description, and yes, near the sea in fishing villages people did in fact live in a forager fashion, without resorting to farming. So historically in parts of Greece, Norway, France, people did not have to be goat lovers, they lived normal lives.

Question

How does the description above fit people's approach to government services?

One example

Healthcare: the left expects it simply "to be there" - u can wait a little of course, or not get all drugs, but within acceptable limits they expect the "availability of these resources".

Question

Are there traces of this forager / farmer division on movies, TV?

Yes

I was re-watching Lost (I took some potshots at this show for its never-ending plots, but the show is well-made otherwise, and constantly tops popular sci-fi lists), here basically everyone leaves the "modern life" behind, which has a lot of the trappings of an "agrarian village" where made-up make-belief idioacy runs rampant, and they become foragers engaging the real-world, and jumping from one adventure to another. They do not relate to eachother through various statuses, posts, they simply relate to eachother as people.









at

January 23, 2018















