# Q&A - 24/1
Democracy requires a nobility class, the only non-Western country who truly managed to work with democracy is India, with strong caste culture.

Partly

.. but not entirely. See Huntington (I am on a neo-con roll these days), The Clash of Civilizations

This European pluralism contrasts sharply with the poverty of civil society, the weakness of the aristocracy, and the strength of the centralized bureaucratic empires which simultaneously existed in Russia, China , the Ottoman lands, and other non-Western societies. Social pluralism early gave rise to estates, parliaments, and other institutions to represent the interests of the aristocracy, clergy, merchants, and other groups. These bodies provided forms of representation which in the course of modernization evolved into the institutions of modern democracy.
Fukuyama (from Political Order and Political Decay)

The last of the three sets of institutions to emerge was democratic accountability. The central mechanism of accountability, the parliament, evolved out of the feudal institution of estates, variously known as Cortes, Diet, sovereign court, zemskiy sobor, or, in England, Parliament. These institutions represented the elites in society—the upper nobility, gentry, and in some cases the bourgeoisie in independent cities. Under feudal law, monarchs were required to go to these bodies to raise taxes, since they represented the asset-owning elites in the agrarian societies of the time. 
So u need nobility, that is, bunch of power centers, mafia / thugs (that's what they are) who constantly battling amongst eachother (for more goats), and out of this a certain modus-vivendi may come out, they decide to share power somehow. It'd be better if they all wiped themselves out, but hey, you work with what you have. Burgeois is also part of the picture.

However what is known as modern democracy today would never have been possible unless equality is somehow part of the picture, and that only comes from enlightened religion of old, and / or the left during modern times.

Comment

Bourgeois is the only group that is necessary for democracy.

No

See above.

Gillian Tett, Financial Times

In 1959, a group of anthropologists assembled in an Austrian castle to discuss the nature of cultures around the Mediterranean region. Their brainstorming produced a striking idea: if you want to understand the political dynamic of societies in places ranging from Andalusia to Jordan, you need to look at the concept of “honour and shame”.

The reason? Most northern European cultures tend to assume that societies should be shaped by legal rules, bureaucratic hierarchies and a sense that everybody should be equal in front of the law and state. However, according to Matthew Engelke, an anthropologist at the London School of Economics, in many Mediterranean cultures “authority [has traditionally] resided in the family unit”, rather than in the state.

“Displays of power were exercised in and through individuals, even when they related to corporate identities,” he observes in his new book, Think Like an Anthropologist, adding that power and status “were often made in the form of bravado and raw assertions of might”. To put it another way, what creates social glue in the Mediterranean region is not government; instead it is a sense of “honour”, which means defending family and friends at all costs against perceived enemies, never mind the law.

This is a fascinating idea to ponder, particularly if you are sitting on a Mediterranean beach right now. But having watched the extraordinary developments in Donald Trump’s White House in recent weeks, I am starting to think that this honour and shame pattern might be one way to frame the president’s political dynamic too [..]

[H]e places great trust in family ties, insists on high levels of loyalty from subordinates and takes public revenge if this is breached (as James Comey, the former FBI director, knows only too well). He issues orders through personal channels, not bureaucracies. He makes displays of bravado against self-styled enemies, usually via Twitter, and hates being slighted (or “dishonoured”, as an anthropologist might say). Indeed, he tends to view foreign policy through a similar lens: just look at all those tweets complaining that perceived rivals are “laughing at us”.

Then there is his attitude towards the state. As anthropologists such as Julian Pitt-Rivers and John G Peristiany have observed, honour and shame cultures tend to flourish when the state is weak, and are associated with a dismissive attitude towards government structures: although people in a traditional Mediterranean culture may defend their family as a matter of honour, they do not necessarily consider it “shameful” to cheat the state, because government is considered too impersonal to matter. Aristocrats, Pitt-Rivers suggests, have sometimes displayed a similar assumption about being above the law; so too many gangster cultures.

Good Catch

Trump is a man torn - his father apparently was a hard-core Protestan. Good - but he spent too much time in New Jersey, Queens - there are lota f--ing gumba there, he was probably effected by that... he was infected by it. All the glitz, the gold, bling bling, are status symbols, an extension of nobility culture, a descendant of the agrarian era. Sad to see people clinging to forms that are good and gone.

Related

Goat Lovers








at

January 24, 2018















