# Q&A - 31/1

I blame the Republicans for the polarization in US politics, do you?

No

I blame the Corporate Democrats - because they offer so little alternative by means of policy, they have to create extra friction around hot-button issues, gun legislation, abortion, etc. and that creates its mirror image, its opposite. Republicans are not the instigators, they are merely following suit.

Let's remember Clinton: after his win 1992 what was his first major crisis? It wasn't the economy, another country, a war, education, or energy. His first crisis was, wait for it ... gays in the military. It all started with Clinton sort of "slipping" during a conversation with reporters, then all hell broke loose and everyone back then thought Clinton was "jumped" by the press, because a story with Clinton and sex was too hard to resist.

That's not what happened: the problem was (is) Dems have nothing to define themselves with, so you "slip", and others are wired to "catch" you because they know where the drama is at. Or guns - Clinton regularly shared a story with him coming to punches with an NRA guy. Yeah fine, we want gun control, but beat the shit out of them? No.

Al Gore, after his defeat on 2000, immediately jumps on climate change, books, the movie.. It's great, it's a big issue, but you have to see the desperation these people have to define themselves with something, anything that are, sadly, miles away from people's daily lives. Climate change is of course real, and dangerous - but it is the perfect "behind the scenes" thing that handled exclusively by government. Isn't those issues what these frakkers are there for? To take the long view so regular people don't have to?

But no. Because they can't talk about criminal reform, they have to talk about abortion, gun control, climate, with such disproportionate energy that other side needs to match, so we get useless polarization.

Don't get me started on Obama and his "they cling to their religion and their guns" thing.

We don't see Bernie jumping up and down on the "hot button" issues because 1) he doesn't have to, there is, like, important stuff and 2) electorally it's actually stupid to bang on that.

That's not to say that Corporate Democrats can never win elections - they do, sometimes Time for Change dynamics is so strong (the other guy has to go), even a sock puppet will win it. 2008, or even 1992 Dems had a major advantage. But we can see overall the wins are lopsided, out of the last 6 Presidents, 4 were Republicans. Reagan gets his VP in there, but your VP or SecState does not make it.

Question

What are other side effects of lack of substantial policy?

Governance by Cool

That's where the Holywood selfies, lip-biting, trying to channel Robert Redford (and failing -badly-) comes from.

Reybrouck, Against Elections

The argument for technocracy builds to an important degree on the ‘post-political’ thinking of the 1990s. In that era of the Third Way in politics, of the Neue Mitte and la cohabitation, there was a belief that ideological differences were a thing of the past. After decades of conflict, left and right suddenly walked arm in arm. The solutions were there, people said, they only had to be implemented and it was simply a matter of ‘good governance’. Ideological struggle gave way to the TINA (‘there is no alternative’) principle, and the foundations for a technocratisation of politics had been laid.

The most striking recent examples of such a turn towards technocracy are to be found in countries like Greece and Italy, where in recent years unelected leaders have been allowed to head government teams. Loukas Papadimos was in power from 11 November 2011 to 17 May 2012, Mario Monti from 16 November 2011 to 21 December 2012. Their financial and economic expertise (one as a banker, the other as an economics professor) were seen as trump cards when the crisis was at its worst.

But technocracy comes about in countless other less visible places. In recent years a huge amount of power has moved from national parliaments to transnational institutions such as the European Central Bank, the European Commission, the World Bank and the IMF. Because these are not democratically elected, they represent a far-reaching technocratisation of decision-making: bankers, economists and monetary analysts have got their hands on the levers of power.

This is not just about foreign organisations. Every modern nation state has given itself a technocratic slant by removing competences from the democratic arena and depositing them elsewhere. The power of central banks and constitutional courts, for example, has grown markedly. It seems governments have thought it sensible to take crucial tasks such as monetary supervision and constitutional reform out of the clutches of party politics and the electoral calculus that goes with it.

Is this a bad thing? There is no doubt that a technocratic government can achieve great results, the Chinese economic miracle being the best example, while a leader like Mario Monti was a far better manager of public affairs than Silvio Berlusconi could ever be. But efficiency does not automatically generate legitimacy and faith in the technocrat melts away as soon as spending cuts are implemented. In the presidential elections of February 2013, Monti won only 10% of the vote. China has its own ways of suppressing dissatisfaction with government-by-regents.

Right

TINA is unsustainable. In US it creates false polarization. In Europe it suffocates the left, as it did in Germany. The SPD is slowly being erased from history.

Question

What are hot topics in Bitcoin world?

The Lightning Network

Good stuff. I was confident performance issues in crypto would be addressed, and they were. 














