# Fire All Teachers

Information Age does not need teachers, it needs "professionals" who
are good at what they do, who can providence guidance to your
children. Education, as in "tranmission of knowledge on a certain
subject area" can easily be accomplished over Internet, on
demand. Hell -- Bill Gates teaches Calculus to his kids using
Khanacademy on YouTube. Isnt this a logical thing to do? Khanacademy
is better at Calculus than 99% of our teachers and is available %100
of the time.

Isn't it utter stupidity to "pay" someone to "be" somewhere physically
at certain times so they can "play back" some knowledge to your kids a
subject on which their expertise is average at best?

I also suggest schools be replaced with "living centers" in which
there are no classrooms, only loungy "study rooms", and professionals
should be able to contribute their time to these places as consultants
while kids work on problems of their choosing. For example, I work on
real problems in the area of Applied Math, differential geometry; I
could contribute my time, one or two days in a week, to be in one of
these living centers -- I could do my (real) work while little kids
can come to my with questions, problems if they want. I can answer
them, and / or guide them using the latest and greatest knowledge in
my area.

Which high-school teacher who is bounded by curriculum, has no real
world experience can top that?

Currently we have a lot of waste in our system. Governments need to
stop paying, subsidizing teachers right away.

3rd wave is about peer-to-peer connections. See Stackoverflow,
Facebook, Twitter. It's not about "specialization" where people work
on one little thing, and never see the big picture and are assigned
authority status by "concentrated", "central" institutions. It's not
about synchronization with two sides of the teaching / learning
equation have to be at the same place at the same time. That's 19th
century industrial mindset. We need to clean this filth off ourselves
RIGHT AWAY.

