# Week 15

Replacing lead pipes is a good thing sure.. Wasnt that the problem in
Flint Michigan?

---

"US senators on Thursday unveiled broad legislation on China that would
step up pressure over Beijing's alleged theft of intellectual property
and solidify US ties with Taiwan.

In a rare bipartisan initiative in the polarized Congress, the top
Democrat and Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
together presented the Strategic Competition Act which aims to govern
the fraught US relationship with Beijing.

'The United States government must be clear-eyed and sober about
Beijing's intentions and actions, and calibrate our policy and
strategy accordingly,' said Senator Bob Menendez, the Democrat who
leads the committee"

[Link](https://www.barrons.com/news/us-bill-to-pressure-china-on-trade-and-rights-back-taiwan-01617915009?tesla=y)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A record-breaking commercial-scale <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a> plane has taken off in the UK, with more set to join it soon. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Aviation?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Aviation</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/BBC_Future?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@BBC_Future</a> <a href="https://t.co/idfW3qWXod">https://t.co/idfW3qWXod</a></p>&mdash; Hydrogen Europe (@H2Europe) <a href="https://twitter.com/H2Europe/status/1380784367354658816?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 10, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Greece, Israel Seal $1.6 Billion Defense Deal"

[Link](https://www.voanews.com/europe/greece-israel-seal-16-billion-defense-deal)

---

Gobble gobble, though not a great power, displays some of the same
behaviours lately.. Kabuki theather power, throwing its little kabuki
tantrum on the way down.

---

Beckley: "Historically, when fast-growing great powers slow down, they
do not mellow out. Instead, they become more repressive at home and
aggressive abroad. They crack down on domestic dissent and expand
overseas to find new sources of wealth, rally citizens around the
ruling regime, and deter foreign rivals from exploiting their economic
problems. China is already on this pathâ€”as its growth slows, it is
repressing freedom in the mainland and in Hong Kong, ramping up
pressure on Taiwan, colonizing the South China Sea, building the
largest navy in the world, and buying assets and building ports all
over the world"

---

ABC Oz Planet America is pretty good. They catch some interesting angles.

---

Reps started culling out some unwanted leaders for 2024 already? Gaetz
is hit pretty bad, nobody is coming to his defense. Clearing the path
for Ted? Pompeo?

---

Nincompoop? ðŸ˜¶

---

The Spirit of '75 (feat. Mustafa Akbar) \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/doFad9LdZ_k)

---

C its possible to advocate for opportunities for everyone wout
resorting to cuck

---

sounds like discrimination, likely an oversight, but not cool

DW: "Study unveils Facebook gender bias in job ads A new study examined
Facebook's ad-delivery algorithms and found that some ads were
directed to a particular gender "beyond what can be legally justified"
by differences in job qualifications"

---


