# Week 14

Not surprisingly the same company caught cheating in an emission
scandal.. Biatch!

---

Hah

"@H2_MOBILITY_DE

3 out of the 5 biggest automakers worldwide have started serial
production of FCEVs. And yet Volkswagen AG still claims, that
\#hydrogen and \#fuelcells cells have 'no market maturity'"

---

All of a sudden I want to listen to Winger üò∂

---

Bcz of Bono? That's funny 

"@meatheadsadie

Every - single - time I hear 'Mysterious Ways' by U2, my brain always
yells ‚ÄúBONERRRRR! BONERRRRRR! TIME FOR DINNERRRR!‚Äù like Beavis"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">A high global minimum tax can change the face of globalization‚Äîby making its main winners (multinational companies) pay more in taxes, instead of them paying less and less<br><br>I&#39;m old enough to remember when this idea was deemed utopian, so could not be happier to see this! <a href="https://t.co/tDSZGEkLXt">pic.twitter.com/tDSZGEkLXt</a></p>&mdash; Gabriel Zucman (@gabriel_zucman) <a href="https://twitter.com/gabriel_zucman/status/1379115765194846209?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 5, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Words like "summation" can be misleading.. We are computing a "smart
sum", a sum that takes into account the upper boundary. Or a [smart
multiplication](https://betterexplained.com/articles/a-calculus-analogy-integrals-as-multiplication/).

---

How about the top part? They are not the same. Their upper boundary
changes as we go to right, depending on the function we are
integrating, so it's not simple sum.

Pay attn that integration result too, anything above first degree will
give you polynomial of deg higher and including than 2 = nonlinearity.

<img width="200" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EyNNfspWEAQht1Y?format=jpg&name=small"/>

"If we think of integration of regular functions, they look like
addition of simple components, side by side, wout flipping"

---

"@mattblaze

Mark my words, this API decision from the Supreme Court is going to
lead straight to gangs of lawless youth roaming the streets and
downloading cars"

---

"Google v Oracle: Supreme Court declares Google's code copying fair"

---

New streaming device counts ppl in the room? Seriously.

"@Sean8UrSon

just got this frightening press email 

IT COUNTS PEOPLE IN THE ROOM SO IT CAN CHARGE PER PERSON??!?!

capitalism is fucking exhausting"

[Link](https://twitter.com/Sean8UrSon/status/1379156103557120001)

---

"Big Pharma did not save the day.. The industry is celebrating a great
PR win‚Äîbut Big Pharma's iron grip on intellectual property could
hinder the achievement of worldwide protection against Covid-19"

[Link](https://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/politics/big-pharma-covid-19-vaccine-uk-revenue-stephen-buranyi)

---

Sure I tie lots of thing into a digi payment, eg UBI. Monetary system
is at the center of many things \#muneee

---

Patreon is not good enough, ppl still have to signup to this
particular service. Monetized likes, naming all needs to be integrated
into an omnipresent payment scheme.

---

Docu shows challenges around paying for content in a post-industrial
era. My take: we need voluntery, "monetized likes" scheme tied to a
new crypto. Fast payment tech, connect to a naming system (akin to
Twitter checkmark), then while listening to a song (downloaded from
.. wherever), if liked, u send small payment to just a name. Bee Gees?
Weekend? Send it to that name and it gets routed to the artist. Or
even send it to a work (a song, or a movie), and payment gets divided
up automatically behind the scenes according to a formula.

---

Great Bloomberg docu on history of file sharing, MP3, its effect on
the music biz.

[Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHVRItc38-c)

[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01DOCnCA1j0)

[Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=392B71DgBCY)

---

Archimedes circle area formula invention is not covered at
schools.. Sad state of our ed system.. Stuff that should be taught
first arrives last. It is as if they don't want innovative,
free-thinking people.

---

Ill Boogs - Super Suede \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/7o8q81-bkew)

---

[Answer](../../2021/04/sum-greater-than-whole-reductionism.md#circle)

"I read somewhere that Calculus is all about dividing something into
pieces and putting it back together.. In terms of the basis of
innovation, doesn't that sound like simple addition?"

---

It's true. [See](../../2021/04/suez-aftermath-ike-didnt-like.md)

"@rabrowne75

'Years later,' Richard Nixon wrote in the 1980s, 'I talked to
Eisenhower about Suez; he told me it was his major foreign policy
mistake.'"

---

Were they waiting for muneee? The Benjamins?

---

A year ago? Why did it take so long for a wider rollout?  Testing
shouldn't have taken that long.

"@ichaydon

A year ago I tried the Moderna vaccine to see if it was
safe. (Spoiler: It is!) "

---

"Uniper Site in Wilhelmshaven Set to Cease Coal-Based Power Generation this Year
and Focus Attention on Hydrogen"

[Link](https://fuelcellsworks.com/news/uniper-site-in-wilhelmshaven-set-to-cease-coal-based-power-generation-this-year-and-focus-attention-on-hydrogen/)

---

V awesome.. Laudato Si

"It's a Mirai-cle: the Pope has a hydrogen Toyota"

[Link](https://www.topgear.com/car-news/future-tech/its-mirai-cle-pope-has-hydrogen-toyota)

---
