# Week 13

"@mercoglianos

[Via @Splash_247] have the word-ship is fully afloat & free to
navigate. Her engine is available but they will not use
it. \#Evergiven will be towed into the Lake to open up the lane & get
traffic moving. They will clear the lake & then livestock carriers"

---

"@man_integrated

Pertamina (Indonesia's state-owned oil company) signed a deal with CPC
[Taiwan's state-owned oil and petrochemical company] in June 2020 to
double this refinery's capacity... This marks two of Taiwan's most
strategically important companies [along with Evergreen] to be hit in
the past five days.

'@disclosetv JUST IN - Massive explosion at the Balongan oil refinery in Indonesia'"

---

Hey I'm all into that contra jive, but this one is little out of whack.

"[Aero] lift is generated due to Coanda effect, not pressure
differential as a consequence of Bernoulli's Theorem"

---

Walk before you can run. Glide before you.. motor fly?

"Orville and Wilbur Wright integrated and safely flew the first
successful, controlled, powered airplane. The process they used was
one of progressive design and was successful to a large degree because
of their experience with gliders. Previous attempts at powered flight
were unsuccessful because the inventors tried to fly first with power
before the subtleties of control were addressed. The Wrights instead
first learned how to fly using gliders as tools to solve the
challenges of actutator control, and then added power to invent the
airplane"

[Link](https://journals.sfu.ca/ts/index.php/ts/article/viewFile/247/230)

---

Dude can rearrange shit at a molecular level.. It's not even fair.

---

[Doh!](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ExjsLenXEAISkRY?format=jpg&name=small)

---

Who is the baddest mofo in Marvel Uni? Warlock? Molecule Man?

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Are for-profit scientific publishers good for science? No. Well, don‚Äôt they provide some useful services to scientists? No. Is there anything redeemable about them? Still, no. ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è <a href="https://t.co/UVAobgDptY">https://t.co/UVAobgDptY</a></p>&mdash; Aaron Clauset (@aaronclauset) <a href="https://twitter.com/aaronclauset/status/1369673135176314883?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 10, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@BDMurray

Russia definitely *wants* to be a critical force in Myanmar, and
elsewhere in ASEAN. Such a status would certainly be welcomed in the
region as a counterbalance against China and the U.S. But, as I wrote
last summer, it has trouble delivering"

---

"Flipping the classroom" decsription doesnt do justice.. I dont want
to flip the classroom around the same avg teacher, but flip it around
the bestest, for every subj (thr prerec lectures). 

---

We like seeing people toiling away, actively, busily 'doing
stuff'. Our current view of work is faulty. The grader position in my
ed system will admittedly not be too 'busy', simply sitting around in
the study halls, answering the occas question. But combined with
pre-recorded delivery of lectures to all kids, this system will create
better results compared to now where the teacher is "busily"
lecturing, "doing stuff" all the time.

---

The answer is "historical statistics" apparently... It's true, a lot
of internal dev stats cld be gleaned from wars.

---

Ha good title

"What Studying War Is Good for"

---

"@tomgara

An amazing little subplot in the Suez thing is that Egyptian media,
which basically reached North Korean levels in recent years, has been
reporting that the problem was solved and done with days ago"

---
