# Week 27


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Exciting news in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#hydrogen</a>: <a href="https://twitter.com/Airbus?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Airbus</a> is pursuing the development of zero-emissions propulsion, and according to <a href="https://twitter.com/simple_flying?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@simple_flying</a>, they may soon test out hydrogen tanks on their A380 -- the world&#39;s largest passenger airliner.<a href="https://t.co/RVWrSfztrr">https://t.co/RVWrSfztrr</a></p>&mdash; Linde plc (@Lindeplc) <a href="https://twitter.com/Lindeplc/status/1411649747115446275?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 4, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"The fence erected around the Capitol after the Jan. 6 riot will
reportedly come down by July 9"

[Link](https://trib.al/4KnRNSp)

---

AFP: "Container shipping prices reach record highs some 18 months
after the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic which disrupted
maritime logistics chains and drove demand sky-high"

[Link](http://u.afp.com/Uu24)

---

"U.S. Natgas Companies Put Hydrogen to the Test. At least two dozen
U.S. energy firms, including Dominion Energy & Sempra LNG Energy, have
started producing hydrogen or testing its viability in natural gas
pipes"

[Link](https://bit.ly/3xk3fXx)

---

"SJI Congratulates Atlantic Shores Offshore #Wind for Winning New
Jersey Wind Farm Application. Advances Green Hydrogen Partnership &
expected to contribute $1.87B direct & indirect economic benefits"

[Link](https://bit.ly/2Tqv81C)

---

"Governor Ron DeSantis is skipping Donald Trump’s Florida rally due to
the Miami building collapse"

---

"@fauxRayDalio

Had you bought an average piece of land with an average home on July
4, 1776 you would be up 7,999,900%"

---

Averaging raw lat/lon numbers is no good.. 3D vectors are your
friend.. convert, avg those, than back

<img style="min-width: 300px" width="40%" src="https://www.navlab.net/nvector/nvector2_files/image019.png"/>

---

Tokenize text, look for all country names among tokens, get geo
average of all existing country's coordinates?

---

[This](https://news.antiwar.com/2021/07/02/report-china-india-move-tens-of-thousands-of-troops-to-disputed-border/)
article was geolocated in a weird place by GDELT.. The event
type code was right. Might DIY a text-to-geo script.

---

F24: "Lightning strikes increase tenfold in Canada, sparking forest fires"

---

"UK's largest chip plant to be acquired by Chinese-owned firm Nexperia
amid global semiconductor shortage"

---

That's not the heavy metal sign, it is the "gray hyena" sign for those muckers

---

Nationalists and the drug trade \#TR

[Link](https://elpais.com/internacional/2021-06-28/la-nueva-ruta-de-la-cocaina-pasa-por-turquia.html?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter&ssm=TW_MX_CM#Echobox=1624895944)

---

WSJ: "China, India Move Troops to Border in Largest Buildup in Decades"

---

"Belfast #Hydrogen Refuelling Station to Be Built for £1.6 Million by
Scottish Firm @LoganEnergy"

---

Did animation for the system too. It is incredible the amount of
open-source software infra available for this stuff.  All kinds of
shapes are in so-called STL files. Scripting languages can read,
manipulate them. Apply some rudimentary calc and science comes alive.

---

Great write-up from Pixar was helpful. 

---

Got it.. little $\dot{R}$ definition, little $\tilde \omega$ action then cross
product becomes dot product, and ODE integrator takes result of that..
Oh yea

---

He is also "openly-Christian", in Holywood. Another miracle.

---

ParksRec guy is a major action star now.. He was really fat.. What
kind of make-over coach do you go to to make that happen?

---

Haha there was that vibe yes. Still ok movie.. Strahavoski did well

"Amazon's 'The Tomorrow War' is every sci-fi action movie mashed
together... If you never thought someone would remake 'Independence
Day' by way of 'Terminator' crossed with 'Starship Troopers,' you're
not the only one"

[Link](https://www.nbcnews.com/think/ncna1272857)

---
