# Week 22

Politico: "[Bitcoin] lobbyists face an uphill battle that has gotten
even tougher after dramatic price swings in recent days, with Bitcoin
plunging nearly 40 percent since early May... [Warren] 'The wild
swings of crypto prices sound an alarm that every regulator hears'"

[Link](https://www.politico.com/news/2021/05/30/bitcoin-investment-wall-street-lobbying-491399)

---

"Dual-Use Hydrogen Energy Storage Could Put Food Cold Chain On Road To Net Zero"

[Link](https://bit.ly/3i352eE )

---

And there is that.. but change is good. Fingers crossed.. hopefully
Pals will die less this time. Even that would be an improvement, right?

Haaretz: "The Palestinians believe a Bennett-Lapid government would be
'extreme rightist' and 'no different' from Benjamin Netanyahu, a PLO
official said"

---

.. after he tried so hard to hang on.. ðŸ˜¢ 

WaPo: "Israeli opposition parties reach agreement to oust Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu"

---

As long as gov is central, concentrated, maximized, we need similar
institutions in scale that can take them on..

---

Assange story shows, MSM wasnt insterested, and bcz they weren't, ppl
werent either. 

There is still a filtering mechanism, and they are at the center of
it. At least in the developed world where media isn't completely sold
out.. We want them to be better of course.

---

G. Greenwald: "I remember [Assange] telling me the story that he
learned very early on which is when Wikileaks would get documents they
would put them on the Internet they wanted the entire public to be
made aware of them, and they would then contact journalists at the New
York Times the Washington Post, The Guardian, BBC and they would say
we have this incredibly explosive document sitting here, on the
Internet .. and no one was interested in it because they didn't think
it was exclusive..

That was why Wikileaks began partnering with the media in the Snowden
case when Edward Snowden came to us .. precisely because we weren't
part of the establishment press, but we realized .. that if we didn't
partner with long large media outlets it would be very easy for the US
government to demonize and stigmatize us as something other than
journalists. They would say we were hackers we were activists they and
so .. we partnered, and did the story with The Guardian, Laura did
hers mostly with the Washington Post some with Der Spiegel, and even
the New York Times and it gave a measure of protection.

So when I got this material in Brazil, and remember this is four
months after Bolsonaro got inaugurated, this huge right-wing movement
took over the entire country, he was at the peak of his power, we
didn't know what he was capable of doing in terms of press freedom. He
had sworn over and over that he would usher in dictatorship era
repression and I knew we needed the buy-in of the large Brazilian
media or we would easily be depicted not as journalists but as
criminals, especially since I'm not a Brazilian citizen despite living
in this country for 15 years.. we were able to partner with Folio of
Sao Paulo which is essentially the New York Times of Brazil the
largest newspaper in in the country"

[Link](https://youtu.be/GkptwyIYsxw?t=1028)

---

An established media channel isn't just about a building, offices, HR
department.. they are a collection of skills, capabilities,
institutional memory, and mentorship around such. That Goldman Sachs
whistleblower for ex.. G. Smith, I read the book.. says he went to MSM
for his tell-all. They have resources to follow up, checking if this
guy is real. who can do that? John, Jane, Greg, mentored by Dave,
whatever. Greg is out, will send Jane. If not John.  How is the random
TikTok jagoff going to handle that? No institution, no nothing. It's
just one guy dancing

---

Run the microcosmic orbit.. small heavenly cycle. Do the inner smile 

"@MicrobiomDigest

Just got another legal threat, now for my criticism of the "External
Qi" papers. In those papers, a Qigong Master claims to treat cancer
cells with his force. The lawyer representing the authors demands me
to take down my Pubpeer postings"

---

NYT: "Gangs Erode Maduroâ€™s Grip on Caracas.. As Venezuela collapses,
armed gangs are taking over parts of the capital, exposing President
Maduroâ€™s vulnerability even in his seat of power..."

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/30/world/americas/venezuela-gang-maduro.html)

---

Sounds like she was canceled.. Cotton joined in that pile on? Dont
some of these mfkers complain about cancel culture? Congrats bozo, now
u are the instigator.

<iframe width="200" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1gBmlQXXrfQ?start=174" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

If politically gov chooses fossil -> H2 rather than green -> H2 w CCS,
fine..  Just saying there is immense potential, for many other
countries as well, Africa, South America..

---

One country / continent with 219,000 TWh of annual potential. That is
just insane.

It's great!

---

According to IEA world energy consumption for 2013 was estimated to be
157,481 Terrawatt hours. In one year Oz can produce

```python
print ((25000 * 24 * 365) / 1000, 'TWh')
```

```text
219000.0 TWh
```

.. meaning single-handedly Oz could produce *more* energy required for
the entire world, using completely renewable resources ðŸ˜¶

---

Is this serious? That number is crazy.. 

"Australia receives more sunlight per square meter than just about any
other country. Its south and west coasts are also buffeted by powerful
winds. Overall, the country boasts a renewable energy potential of
25,000 gigawatts"

---

It can be stored at room temparature, major advantage

"Research also indicates that the energy density by volume of ammonia
is nearly double that of liquid hydrogen, its primary competitor as a
green alternative fuel. Ammonia is also much easier to ship and
distribute"

---

"In 2018, Douglas MacFarlane, a professor of chemistry atÂ Monash
UniversityÂ in Australia, developed fuel cells that canÂ transform
renewable electricity into ammonia... MacFarlaneâ€™s fuel cells operate
in reverse, making carbon-free fuel from electricity

'This is breathing nitrogen in and breathing ammonia out,' said
MacFarlane, showing his fuel cell. It is almost the size of a hockey
puck and clad in stainless steel. Two plastic tubes on the cellâ€™s
backside feed it nitrogen gas and water. It has a power cord for
electricity and a third tube on the front that silently exhales
ammonia"

[Link](http://www.power.news/2021-05-06-chemist-develops-ammonia-fuel-cells.html)

---

Van Wilder knows how to party! 

---

Yeah [that's you](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EXumlWcXsAIQNdx?format=jpg&name=small)

---

I would expect nothing less from a company founded by ADOLF HITLER

---

Guy is talking out of his ass..

"VW CEO says fuel cell cars 'not the answer'"

---

Class is weird in UK. Actor Dominic West (Jimmy "Fuckin" McNulty, *The
Wire*), tells a story when he first met one director he just looked at
him and said "posh". As in he labeled him as a posh type.. Funny thing
is West mostly played working class roles in his career.

Posh not posh.. who decides these things.. Just by the look, and it's
done? Who wld fall in that bucket?

Damian Lewis would be.. posh?

Jason Statham.. Not posh.

---

