# Week 11

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">non-fungible token --&gt; non-avoidable wealth tax</p>&mdash; Gabriel Zucman (@gabriel_zucman) <a href="https://twitter.com/gabriel_zucman/status/1370175520516632580?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 12, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"@theappeal

A new study suggests large chunks of police work can be safely
transitioned to non-police public safety workers: Across five cities,
between 23 and 45 percent of 911 calls were for issues like noise
complaints, disorderly conduct, and wellness checks"

---

"@JStein_WaPo

NEW: In every corner of the globe, taxes on multinational corporations
have gone down, down, down... Janet Yellen's big objective: Get the
world to agree to end the "race to the bottom" w/ a new minimum tax"

---

Siena: "By 48-34 percent, [voters say Cuomo] can continue to
effectively do his job as governor."

[Link](https://scri.siena.edu/2021/03/15/voters-say-cuomo-should-not-resign-50-35/)

---

"A public utility in northern Central Washington broke ground Monday
for a hydrogen production facility. It‚Äôs one of several related
actions in the Pacific Northwest that reflect renewed interest in
hydrogen as a clean alternative fuel.. The Douglas County Public
Utility District is spending around $20 million to build its renewable
hydrogen production plant on the east bank of the Columbia River north
of Wenatchee"

[Link](https://www.opb.org/article/2021/03/09/hydrogen-production-washington-oregon-renewed-look/)

---

CNBC: "India‚Äôs newfound focus on ‚Äúgreen hydrogen‚Äù has received a
boost, with a new collaboration between two firms aiming to install
production facilities in the state of Tamil Nadu. "

[Link](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/10/india-turns-to-green-hydrogen-in-a-bid-to-decarbonize-its-economy.html)

---

CNBC: "German steel powerhouse turns to ‚Äògreen‚Äô hydrogen produced
using huge wind turbines"

[Link](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/12/german-steel-firm-uses-green-hydrogen-produced-with-wind-turbines.html)

---

"GenCell Energy, GNCL (TASE), a leading Israel-based manufacturer of
fuel cell energy solutions, today announces the successful completion
of the design and synthesis of a catalyst that is not based on noble
metals (palladium) and as such provides an economical substitute for
these materials. The process by which the new catalyst accelerates
chemical reactions that are necessary to generate clean electricity
via electrochemical reaction inside the fuel cell is identical to the
process using a catalyst based on noble metals"

[Link](https://www.gencellenergy.com/news/gencell-completes-design-and-synthesis-of-a-noble-metal-free-palladium-catalyst/)

---

Daam. A big [check](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Ewekxk5WgAEsOTW?format=jpg&name=medium).

(.. meat sushi?)

---

An FT writer is being skooled

[Link](https://twitter.com/PaulEremenko/status/1371518517724422146)

---

We encourage certain biz behaviours all the time.. There is food
safety, regulations.. We already punish prods that might *kill you*
over others who dont.

---

We can encourage 'recyclable capitalism' by rewarding comps whose
output is more recyclable. How? Look at the "garbage stats"... Find
out whose products generate most single-use plastic, other
hard-to-recycle items in the garbage plants, tax their ass.

---

Fin ppl shouldnt be too happy on Yellen just yet, but EW ppl in admin
is a win for progs

"@Zachary

Wall Street was relieved when @SenWarren was passed over for Treasury
secretary. But now the financial industry faces another threat:
President Biden is enlisting a small army of her former aides and
allies to run his government"

---

45 psi is 3 bars? Regular air outside is 1 bar, so take air, reduce
its volume by 1/3 (bcz $PV = nRT)$, that is enough pressure for a good
mechanic push.

We know thats doable of course from break-barrel airguns, some use
compressed gas.

---

Oz official says didnt see problems with AstZen vacc so far

---

All of a sudden UK is getting hammered from all directions.. Royal
racism claims, then AstraZeneca vacc defect claims, and now Irish
border issues heating up with EU.

---

He is clearly into fuels, so wld be into an H2 based econ (didnt
Mercedes give him a fuel-cell car?)

"Kretschmann has mass appeal in Germany's conservative south and is
more popular there than the party he represents. An opinion poll by
German public broadcaster ZDF in February showed that while 30.3
percent of the electorate polled in Baden-W√ºrttemberg planned to vote
for the Greens, 70 percent wanted Kretschmann as state premier.. He is
a committed environmentalist and social liberal, but talks openly
about his diesel-fueled car"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Canada to sign agreement with Germany on joint push to develop hydrogen market - <a href="https://t.co/FC7T95XciA">https://t.co/FC7T95XciA</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Canada?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Canada</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Germany?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Germany</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> <a href="https://t.co/o7jERv56JD">pic.twitter.com/o7jERv56JD</a></p>&mdash; CHFCA (@PoweringNow) <a href="https://twitter.com/PoweringNow/status/1371472049575653377?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 15, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"Globally, there are now 228 large-scale projects for a combined $US300
billion of proposed investment through to 2030, according to the
Hydrogen Council.. these are some of the stocks to watch.
 

HAZER GROUP (ASX:HZR)

HEXAGON ENERGY MATERIALS (ASX: HXG)

GLOBAL ENERGY VENTURES (ASX:GEV)

PROVINCE RESOURCES (ASX:PRL)"

[Link](https://stockhead.com.au/energy/these-asx-stocks-want-a-piece-of-the-us300-billion-hydrogen-sector/)

---

"@ArmstrongDrew

VACCINE DATA UPDATE (March 13)

Record day of reported vaccinations, with 4.6M. 50% higher than past
2.9M record... "

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Whistle-blower says Credit Suisse helped Americans evade taxes,ÔøΩafter promising to stop in 2014<a href="https://t.co/xhUHkLehF8">https://t.co/xhUHkLehF8</a></p>&mdash; Gabriel Zucman (@gabriel_zucman) <a href="https://twitter.com/gabriel_zucman/status/1370936648377061377?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">March 14, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Wednesday (March 10)
referred to Taiwan as a country, a label usually avoided by his
predecessors"

[Link](https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/4148761)

---

Couldnt they just set up one of those fake flames, a piece of cloth
flapping away, with red lighting underneath, wind blowing etc..? C'mon
man.. 

---

Hey thats lota of carbon, asshole.

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EwanhMtXMAE2E-A?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

ü§£ ü§£ ü§£  üò¢ üò¢ üò¢ üò¢ 

<img width="98%" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EwTcKI6WYAcYyJ_?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

I wonder if there is a town named Douche somewhere. Then u cld have
Duke and Duchess of Douche.

---

Douche means "shower" in French, right? So not a curse word on them
really.

---

"@ds_wats0n

Day light savings is an unnecessary relic of the early industrial age
and also it's just v annoying"

---

Gross measures and other beliefs "trickle down" from academia to
journos who repeat what they get from "upstream". Left unchecked such
info can cause nonsense to become entrenched eg neophyte can conclude
"mo ppl no mo problems". Esp watch for Tom Friedman-like glib jagoffs,
pop philosoph journos who fashion themselves "thinkers" but are merely
adept at slapping catchy book titles on stuff trickling down. Then,
anyone who is able to question the base assumptions of the measures in
research, needs to do so. Quash this shit at its source.

---

Just saw Russio-Otto war of 1828/29 in the conflict prediction
[data](../../2021/03/power-of-nations-beckley-code.md).. Otto got its
ass kicked on that one... Beckl measure predicts 0.94 (out of 1)
win for Russia. Doh!

---

"Germany seeks to be vaccine self-sufficient by next year"

---

Checked Beckley's theory with data.. Result validates his claim. GDP *
GDP Per Capita is a better indicator than CINC or GDP alone. See
[post](../../2021/03/power-of-nations-beckley-code.md).

---

