# Week 18

Beckley, *Unrivaled*: "The U.S. military ... can sink Chinese ships
and submarines virtually anywhere in East Asia. The main reason is
that the United States has dozens of missile-armed submarines that are
almost invulnerable to China’s notoriously weak antisubmarine
capabilities. In wartime, U.S. submarines, with the aid of America’s
vast undersea surveillance network in East Asia, could set up picket
lines near the combat theater, or near China’s ports, and sink China’s
ships and submarines with torpedoes, missiles, and mines.  According
to estimates by the RAND Corporation, in a PLA invasion of Taiwan,
eight U.S. submarines could destroy almost 40 percent of China’s
amphibious ships as they attempt to cross the Taiwan Strait while
losing perhaps one submarine. The same study estimates that in a
conflict in the South China Sea—where the sea is deeper and provides
U.S. submarines with better acoustics and more room to operate, and
where most of the PLA’s meager antisubmarine warfare forces cannot
reach—U.S. submarines could destroy Chinese ships at almost no risk of
being attacked themselves"

---

CH acting up..? Id be wary of the military position.. 

---
 
Yes and the solution wasnt a 'global approach'. Global pharma had to
be bslapped, its patents open-sourced. Global travel had to be
curtailed early, and fast.

CNN: "The world is in the midst of its worst Covid crisis so far. It
didn't have to be this way"

---

So many econs see this thing as vile..

"Charlie Munger calls bitcoin 'disgusting and contrary to the
interests of civilization'"

---

Watched Russian scifi, dude's backstory was that he fought in Syria,
felt like those Vietnam backstories in US movies.

Cinematography was ok.. it was too tac-team heavy for my taste. There was a
odd looking alien at the end. 

---

The Guardian: "[NZ] prime minister has been coming under pressure from
allies to take a tougher approach towards country’s largest trading
partner. New Zealand’s differences with China are becoming “harder to
reconcile,” the prime minister Jacinda Ardern has said... Ardern’s
comments were made as New Zealand’s government comes under increasing
pressure, both internally and from international allies, to take a
firmer stance on concerns over human rights abuses of Uyghur people in
China’s Xinjiang province. Last week, the Act party presented a motion
for New Zealand’s parliament to debate whether the treatment of
Uyghurs in Xinjiang constitutes genocide"

---

Blinken: "China is acting 'more aggressively abroad'... Washington was
not trying to 'contain' China, US State Secretary Anthony Blinken
said, but warned that Beijing was acting in 'increasingly adversarial'
ways"

---

Cons nominated a lackluster guy for next elec, passing over the better
candidate Soder. In any case S will probably still be around so he can
be the 'comeback candidate' later

@business

Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives slipped to a 14-month low in
a poll published Sunday, further behind a Green party that’s
increasingly poised for a bid to lead Germany’s next government

---

The list of BEV problems keep piling up, not even BEVtards can
ignore. Not enough lithium in the world, barely enough for cars
assuming certain charging patterns.. And, they cant handle freight
properly. Forget aviation, or shipping which this bitch tech cant even
touch.

---

It is ridiculous. 

"A battery-electric 40 ton truck with 500km range needs 8 tons of
battery. That’s ridiculous" says Toyota’s FCV-boss Katsuhiko Hirose.

---

Aand STL files can be sent to a 3D printer..Imagine during class
simulate an object, design it, at the end, print it 😶

---

Yes there are big hunking programs, like Chrono.. I'm talking about
something simpler. Reading STL files in Python is easy. Add some grav
effects, simple center of mass calc, force => movement etc.

Many dont realize how far modern scripting envs have come.. Talked to
someone the other day poor guy still toiling away in Matlab. Bro -
Wake up.

---

Another subj to be added to STEM curriculum, given an physical obj
description in an STL file (CAD progs create it), learn to simulate
effects to it in 3D space, w some code (use ready lib). Apply force,
see what happens.

---

Ok.. that guy who played the French guy was the token French guy of
90s. He must have played that role like a bazillion times \#thecore

---

*The Core*, from an era of movies when stuff went wrong and you could
fix it by blowing shit up. Still good movie. Much rather watch this than
Disney Star Wars.

---

"US sanctions on oil, banks expected to be lifted: Iran negotiator"

---

"EU says Apple’s App Store breaks competition rules after Spotify
complaint.. Apple has 'abused its dominant position' in the
distribution of music streaming apps, the European Commission said"

---

"Warren Buffett faces showdown with ordinary savers over refusal to
act on climate crisis.. Buffett’s company, Berkshire Hathaway, refuses
to publish information on his company’s climate impact and the risks
it faces as temperatures rise; now shareholders are taking a stand. By
Ben Chapman"

---

Culture is not something that is "declared", and "assumed". It is
burned in the brain through the culture around you, through osmosis at
around age 7. First generation children of immig parents are getting
the culture of their lands burned in their brains, not their
parents'. So that weirdo fuck who came in with his bags, chicken coops
and shit who talks to you with an accent -your parents- are as foreign
to you as they are to their country. That is how people who arrive
into area / cultures become part of those areas / cultures.

---

'Feel connected to your land', I dont just mean 'a physical
coincidence', not 'he was there, and now I am there'.. I saw Golden
Gate bridge and you did too! So awesome maan.. No. I mean something
stronger. Think of the guy who lived on your land in the past, his
culture, if not his genes are *inside you*.

---

"Fierce Foes, Iran and Saudi Arabia Secretly Explore Defusing
Tensions.. Talks between the two regional powers, if successful, could
start to lower the temperature on several conflicts across the Middle
East"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I was skeptical at first but Airbus do seem to be taking Hydrogen fuelling options seriously in the aviation race to <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/NetZero?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#NetZero</a> <a href="https://t.co/sWrbFJVUfb">https://t.co/sWrbFJVUfb</a></p>&mdash; Graham Hodgson (@GraHod) <a href="https://twitter.com/GraHod/status/1388429712683307008?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 1, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

Punta la Tegra

---

That's a medium-ish mountain..\#tr

---
