# Week 21

"@Opel Unveils its Opel Vivaro-e: Plug-In FuelCell Electric Vehicle
Offers ZeroEmissions and Quick Refuelling. Fuelcells system in the
engine bay, hydrogen tanks replace the battery"

[Link](https://bit.ly/2SM6Ii7)

---

U can do that see bcz fuel is energy-dense as f--k

"@DaimlerTruckBus as it Began Rigorous Testing of Its FuelCell
Truck. The Aim is to achieve ranges of up to 1,000 kilometres and more
without any ... refuelling"

[Link](https://bit.ly/33XedFo )

---

Jacobin: "Palestine Is No Longer the Third Rail for Democrats.. For
decades, the US media and political class have parroted Israel’s
claims of victimhood, despite Israel being an occupying state power
acting against an occupied people. The details change, but the story
remains the same: Israeli forces attack civilians.. In the wake of
these latest strikes, however, this consensus may finally be
crumbling"

---

Politico: "After months of letting their power to obstruct go unused,
the Senate GOP is ready to filibuster legislation creating a Jan. 6
commission. If Republicans follow through, they'll spark a
long-building fight over the filibuster’s very existence"

---

"@istanbultelaviv

[ISR talk show] Berko and Ofira usually nails it. Berko: 'I heard all
analysts blabbering; at school they taught us 1+1=2... once the
mandate went to Lapid, a war started....I'm not hinting, I am saying,
Netanyahu did all of this...he needed a war to save himself'"

---

Orgone - Hambone \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/TZvOoOUXgBc)

---

The evidence is destroyed, got nothing to worry about. Might as well
act like it for optics.. Preemptive ask now is better than being asked
later.. This guy cld be good in marketing.. 

"@joshrogin

Fauci is now saying he’s not confident the coronavirus emerged naturally"

---

"Africa Could Become Germany’s Hydrogen Supplier. First results of the
BMBF project “GreenHydrogen Potential Atlas” show immense potential
for a hydrogen partnership between Germany and West Africa"

[Link](https://bit.ly/3u8RrF2)

---

US negotiating limits on the nuke arsenal?

---

NK strat called for NK [not giving up on nukes](2021/03/unrivaled-beckley.md#noko).
What changed?

---

Not much going on.. that's f-ing great. Less news. 

---

