# Week 20

Al Jazeera: "Israel’s doctrine: Humane bombing and benevolent
occupation..

Israel and its enablers.. insist on its right of self-defence, when,
in fact, Israel had forfeited that right by becoming an expanding
occupying power. They say Israel only aims to defend its citizens,
when in fact it is defending the occupation and the subjugation of the
Palestinians. Israel insists it does not start wars. This is generally
false, considering it started most of its past wars. It provoked war
through assassinations, bombings, closures, evictions, land grabs,
attacks on holy sites, and unrelenting illegal settlements, etc. The
decades-long military and civilian occupation in and of itself is a
continued state of war and violence"

[Link](https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2021/5/16/israels-doctrine-humane-bombing-and-benevolent-occupation)

---

"Climate-Friendly Neighborhood Electricity as @BoschGlobal Showcases
Real-Life #FuelCells at Work in Bamberg.

First real-life operation of a stationary \#fuelcell by Bosch"

[Link](http://ow.ly/4TCc50ELSA1)

---

CNN: "After Biden on Wednesday uttered the often-repeated mantra that
Israel has a right to defend itself, liberals lashed out on the floor
of the US House of Representatives. 'Do Palestinians have a right to
survive?' asked New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in a fiery
speech on Thursday. The progressive Democrat continued to speak out on
Twitter this weekend, writing, 'If the Biden admin can't stand up to
an ally, who can it stand up to? How can they credibly claim to stand
for human rights?' Michigan Rep. Rashida Tlaib responded on Saturday
to the attack on the building housing international media...

'By continuing to provide military aid without restriction, we provide
no incentive for Israel to adjust course,' Massachusetts
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said in April, in remarks to the liberal
pro-Israel group J Street. Sanders went further in the New York Times
on Friday. 'In the Middle East, where we provide nearly $4 billion a
year in aid to Israel, we can no longer be apologists for the
right-wing Netanyahu government and its undemocratic and racist
behavior'"

[Link](https://www.cnn.com/2021/05/16/politics/biden-israel-progressive-democrats/index.html)

---

Al Jazeera: "In the beginning, the usual suspects from the left were
the only Israelis who said it out loud. Next was the former minister
of defence and chief of staff Moshe Yalon, who made the link between
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's personal interests and the violent
confrontation that started in East Jerusalem and spread to the Gaza
strip, the occupied West Bank and Israel. 'The security escalation
serves Netanyahu and Hamas, both for internal political reasons,'
tweeted Yalon. Then even former defence minister and chairman of
Yisrael Beitenu party Avigdor Lieberman declared that 'The strategic
purpose of the [military] operation is to improve the public opinion
of Netanyahu. As long as the mandate to form a government is with
Lapid, Netanyahu will try to extend the operation.'

Indeed, the incumbent Israeli prime minister has not made any
significant efforts to contain the violence. Last month, he could have
ordered the police to remove the roadblocks from Damascus Gate in the
old city of Jerusalem. Why did he wait until it became a battleground
between the police and hundreds of young Palestinians' Why did he
allow the police to throw stun grenades in Al-Aqsa mosque during
prayer times?"

---

I watched *Polar* the other day man that guy had it rough

---

One cld just bring vitac pills of course, in today's trips

---

Interesting. Bcz cooking kills vitac? Cooking helps soften red meat
obviously but if meat is soft already, as in Penguin meat, no problem,
it wld work.

"Amundsen experienced his first merciless taste of winter in the
Antarctic. Stuck onboard the Belgian expedition ship Belgica, which
was grounded in pack ice, he and the rest of the crew contracted
scurvy and faced certain death.That is when, according to a new book
published later this month, Amundsen started eating raw penguin meat 
and discovered a secret that would later give him a huge advantage
over Captain Robert Falcon Scott in the race to the south pole. 'If
you eat almost any kind of meat, as long as it's raw enough, you can
get the vitamin C that the body requires to avoid scurvy,' said Julian
Sancton, author of the forthcoming book, Madhouse at the End of the
Earth.This was the great insight, he said, of the Belgica's American
doctor, Frederick Cook. He had spent time among the Inuit and observed
that although their diet consisted largely of fresh game, they didn't
get scurvy"

[Link](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/may/16/the-secret-of-how-amundsen-beat-scott-in-race-to-south-pole-a-diet-of-raw-penguin)

---

So this is how its done.. elect body who drafts constitution..

Punta la Tegra.. Where art thou?

DW: "Chileans elect body to rewrite Pinochet-era constitution.. The
weekend poll to pick delegates to revise Chile's dictatorship-era
constitution was a core demand of fatal protests in 2019 over social
inequality"

---

Phy classes cld teach this stuff. Much to improve there

"[In a computer game] I want to block the door with something heavy
[blocking rotation] .. Is that too much to ask?..  [Th]e person
stopping me is actually the programmer behind the game’s physics
engine, because at the heart of each of these tasks lies an angular
effect. Few games today try even to model angular effects, let alone
try to get them right.

The main reason for the lack of support for angular (you might call
them rotational) effects in today’s games is that programmers perceive
angular physics to be difficult to understand and
implement. High-school physics courses (where we all learned F=ma)
usually don’t cover [them], and it’s not immediately clear
how to translate a force applied to an object into a spin for that
object"

---

Palestanians do not live in some foreign country who is in control of
their borders, electricity, money or anything a state is responsible
for. Therefore whoever is control of all that, is responsible for their
well-being. 

---

... among other *external* actors. Palestanians are internal to
Israel, their abuse is a human rights, ISR internal democracy issue. 

"But your Suez/Ike share suggests Israel must be US' ME policy centerpiece"

---

"Florida man jumps off airplane falls on the alligator who wakes up
and bites him, only to get his prosthetic leg", then, ok..

---

This doesn't do anything for me.. We expect more from the Florida man

"Florida man wrestles alligator to save pet dog"

---

F24: "Israel's police chief has accused MP Itamar Ben Gvir of adding
fuel to the fire in Jerusalem and of being partly responsible for the
violent demonstrations that have reignited the fuse of the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict"

---

"istanbultelaviv

These organized groups are being also led by the Jewish supremacist,
MP Itamar Ben-Gvir, who is currently on his way to Lod with hundreds
of supporters... The police cannot block him.. Just a few nights ago,
they burnt down Arab businesses"

---

"Rashida Tlaib: 'End the Apartheid System'... If we are to make good
on our promises to support equal human rights for all, it is our duty
to end the apartheid system that for decades has subjected
Palestinians to inhumane treatment and racism"

---

WSJ: "Israel's Turmoil Hands Political Lifeline to Embattled Prime Minister"

---

"MSNBC's @AliVelshi: 'Palestinians are at best third-class citizens in
the nation of their birth. The idea that it's even remotely
controversial to call what Israel has imposed on Palestinians a form
of apartheid is laughable'"

---

"Chileans choose assembly to draft a new constitution.. The face of a
new Chile begins taking shape this weekend as the South American
country elects 155 people to draft a constitution to replace one that
drafted under a military dictatorship"

---

Jacobin: "Last month, Washington State passed a capital gains tax
aimed at the state's ultra-wealthy. The tax is historic because
Washington, despite its progressive reputation, until now had the
worst tax code in the nation when it comes to fairness, behind Texas,
Florida, and South Dakota"

---

well said

"The physics simulation is also what makes a game world feel solid—it
puts the 'there' there, if you know what I mean"

---

Some pages are several MB in size.. nobody optimizes this stuff
anymore? No wonder monkeys need 5G

---

Wrote little browser tool w `bs4` to filter out all visual elements of
a page leaving the plain text behind. Great for low bandwidth
browsing. Intermittency. Raw content over presentation. Da thing

---

Despite the general centrist, establishment stance not sure CNN is
overly fond of Israel.. One reporter had a very public spat there
years back. I think the whole Netanyahu shtick, the Sheldon Adelson
connection, right-wing fuckery is a bit too much, even for them.

---

@istanbultelaviv was on CNN

---

Dupe the intl press, then destroy the AP building.. The coverage can
turn negative after this one..

---

NYT: "A spokesman led the international media to believe that Israeli
forces had entered Gaza. They hadn't. But the army wanted Hamas to
think they had.. The intent, the media reports said, was to dupe Hamas
fighters into thinking that an invasion had begun and to respond in
ways that would expose far greater numbers of them to what was being
called a devastatingly lethal Israeli attack.... [MSM...] had
mistakenly reported a ground invasion early Friday [asked] whether
they had been turned into accessories to the military, why it had
taken hours for the invasion report to be reversed, and how they would
be able to trust the military's statements going forward"

[Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/14/world/middleeast/israel-gaza-disinformation.html)

---

Al Jazeera: "Are social platforms deliberately silencing Palestinians?"

---

But seriously this is good news

---

Devastating!

"Facebook faces 'devastating' EU-to-US data transfer ban.. The social
media giant failed to block a bid that could ban it from sending data
about its European users to the US"

---

@PowerHouseEG has good waste plastic to H2 conversion technology. 

---

"@SolarisBusCoach Starts Delivery of Hydrogen Buses to Italian City Of Bolzano"

---

"@istanbultelaviv

The Minister of Public Security Amir Ohana, together w/Netanyahu, is
responsible for the total breakdown of security. Had he instructed the
police force to act differently in Jerusalem during Ramadan, it is
hard to imagine we'd be where we are today. That is the truth"

---

"In 1949, a Polish Holocaust survivor named Genya Kowalski was offered
a Palestinian house in Haifa. She refused, saying: 'I don’t want to
live [in a house] of people who were thrown out...a human being is a
human being.' We can be her heirs today" via @samseder

[Link](https://jewishcurrents.org/teshuvah-a-jewish-case-for-palestinian-refugee-return)

---

Jacobin: "Biden administration’s economic experts have been
spotlighting the basic facts showing that the economy is functioning
normally and private-sector pay has not unsustainably spiked. In fact,
average hourly earnings increased from March to April by less than the
rise in the consumer price index — which suggests there is less of a
worker shortage, and more a shortage of employers willing to increase
pay even a little bit. For his part, President Joe Biden has
thankfully shed his past Reagan-appeasing habits and has avoided
echoing his own old 'welfare queen' language. But ... his rhetoric is
now starting to subtly shift from calling out GOP bullshit to trying
to accommodate it"

[Link](https://jacobinmag.com/2021/05/gop-unemployment-covid-reagan-welfare-queen/)

---
