# Week 28

FT: "Time to stop stock trading by US Congress representatives"

---

Trying to reject a (null) hypothesis in stats is like demonstrating
guilt (or disproving innocence) in a court system.. To prove
something, one tries to disprove the opposite, at extremely high
levels "beyond reasonable doubt", then can be more or less sure that
the original statement is correct.

---

The answer [is yes](2015/08/temp-increase.md#carbon)

"Does carbon levels in atmo cause temparature increase?"

---

Guys from KTH Sweden. Effin Tor mfker.. They got some game there.

---

Assump was I cld take any shape (defined in a CAD file) apply virtual
wind in a virtual wind tunnel and see the forces acting on it, with
medium level computation. Not possible. At least not thru anything
widely known. Paper below is from 2014.

Which brings me back to  ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÇ

---

So much stuff is undone.. I thought we were further ahead in many
things..  especially aerodynamics.

---

ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è 

"New Theory of Flight.. The new theory of drag and lift of a wing is
fundamentally different from the textbook theory.. [The old]
Prandtl-Kutta-Zhukovsky theory which was developed shortly after
powered flight was shown to be possible by the Wright brothers in
1903, breaking the perceived mathematical impossibility of powered
flight based on Newton‚Äôs incorrect theory of lift from air hitting the
wing from below. We find that the textbook theory of flight attributed
to Prandtl-Kutta-Zhukovsky is incorrect, since it is based on
phenomena which are not carried by solutions of the Navier-Stokes
equations"

[Link](http://www.bcamath.org/documentos_public/archivos/publicaciones/kth-ctl-4044.pdf)

---

YT channel folk had started to sound like drugged up all of a sudden
turns out I unwittingly changed the playback speed to 0.75.

---

ü§£ Just teasing man.. 

---

Brexit has been discredited ONCE AGAIN

---

"@bghayward

ENG scored so early and didn‚Äôt seem to know what to do after
that. Invited pressure and paid price, but this experience part of
their growth. They will be back.

ITA impeccable under Mancini and deserved winners. Outstanding all
through tournament. Auguri!"

---

3-2, for Italy. 

---

"Bringing it home", sounds catchy. But I am rooting for the
Quaquaalude on this one.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">animated gif won&#39;t play on tricorder</p>&mdash; Riker Googling (@RikerGoogling) <a href="https://twitter.com/RikerGoogling/status/1414323747075489795?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 11, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

The Guardian: "US west heatwave: 31m people brace for record-breaking
temperatures.. Las Vegas could surpass its record-high of 117 F [47 C]
as residents of US west face very high risk of heat-related
illness.. More than 31 million people across the US west and
south-west are bracing for a brutal heatwave that could bring
triple-digit [Fahrenheit] temperatures this weekend"

---

These ppl cant seem to catch a break. 

Clinton restored that guy to power BTW in 1994 (backed up by UN Sec
Council decision -US mil deployed, dictators fleed wout fight-) but in
the long run did the intervention help?  H has much intervention,
there seems to be a repetition set in around that particular
dysfunction.

Al Jazeera: "2004 ‚Äì Political unrest forces Aristide to flee but the
country descends into violence"

---

Al Jazeera: "2010 ‚Äì A catastrophic earthquake kills between 100,000
and 300,000 people, according to various estimates, causing widespread
damage in Port-au-Prince and elsewhere. Despite an international
relief effort, the country is all but overwhelmed, exacerbating
political, social and economic problems"

[Link](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2021/7/7/haitis-turbulent-political-history-a-timeline)

---

"@aaronclauset

Increasingly, I dislike hearing 'Congratulations!' when someone says a
paper got into a fancy venue. It sounds nice! But to me, it
compliments the 'winning' (metadata) rather than the science
(content), and furthers the gamification of science"

---

Article suggests changes were afoot among Dems a while back..
Boushey demo'd some leadership

[Link](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2021/07/biden-big-left-gamble.html)

---

Another pollution related scandal in Germany? Unbelievable. Of course
VW is involved.

"According to a story in Forbes this week, the fact that German
authorities have been looking into the auto industry‚Äôs business
dealing has caused industry leaders to engage in a mad-dash to be the
first whistleblower... Indeed, it looks like Daimler grabbed the
golden ring, which could save it billions, while Volkswagen, which
thought it had won the honors, came in second and BMW is a distant
third. Under European Union law, the first one to become a
whistleblower usually comes away with little more than a slap on the
wrist .. while number three pays the bulk, in this case, BMW"

[Link](https://www.torquenews.com/3769/daimler-beats-vw-bmw-key-whistleblower-europe-car-cartel-probe)

---

BBC: "Venezuela: Battles rage between police and gangs in Caracas"

---

Imma have to go against the bear on that one.

"Grizzly bear shot dead after killing woman in Montana..  local
officials said that the bear involved in Ms Lokan's death was
considered a public safety threat because of the nature of the attack"

---

BLM stats [update](2019/05/confstats.md#gdeltblm)

---

They exceeded that apparently so they generate more $O_2$ than $CO_2$.
According to DW docu Bhutan is now the greenest country on Earth.

"As mandated in its constitution, Bhutan preserves (at all times) 60
percent of its land under forest cover. " 

---

"TAQA Group and Abu Dhabi Ports Planning 2 GW Green Hydrogen to Ammonia
Project.. Establishes KIZAD and Khalifa Port as an export hub for
green hydrogen"

[Link](https://bit.ly/3xuts60)

---
