# Week 7

Forbes: "Hyzon, A Hydrogen Fuel Cell Truck Maker, In SPAC Deal Valued At $2.6 Billion"

---

"Hydrogen pumping stations are all over California and could be in the
Denver metro area by the end of this year. "

[Link](https://coloradosun.com/2021/02/11/when-is-clean-hydrogen-fuel-coming-for-colorado-cars-and-who-needs-to-get-ready/)

---

"The H-Factor" üëç

"In a grand, clean energy strategy published in mid-December, a brain
trust of cross-sector Canadian savants predicted that hydrogen-powered
locomotion‚Äîalready nicknamed ‚Äúhydrail‚Äù‚Äîwould be ready for testing some
time about 2025, first in the form of yard switchers, short-leashed to
their refueling stations.

The very next day, Dec. 18, Canadian Pacific (CP) smashed that
timeline, and woke the North American rail industry"

[Link](https://www.railwayage.com/mechanical/locomotives/the-h-factor/)

---

Chick Korea RIP. Through him we got to know the craziest drummer ever,
[Dave Weckl](https://youtu.be/G5pmoSOE9CU?t=193). 

---

Dadamnphreaknoizphunk - "Chemical Funk" \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/cAMuvTVChgI)

---

Some early Zack Snyder buzz, on the Justice League recut (?) (soon to
be released). In trailer has a character say "we live in a society",
apparently a meme now come alive, ppl loving it. Meme based on

[Link](https://youtu.be/LHhbdXCzt_A)

.. then became a Joker thing, now Zack has a char voice it

It's good.. keeping the fans happy. I hope new JL pans out.

---

Average surface elevation of Earth is 840 meters... most know "sea
level" is not actually zero elevation level.. The real bottom is at
the bottom of some the sea, ocean.. And there is a lota ocean!

We all live on mountain tops IOW

---

Newton, other early modern phy computed all the time. It's fine to go
off in an abstract direction but most phy teaching by default must be
enmeshed with computation.

---

Landau wrote some fantastic books. Id listen to him.

Landau: "There can be little argument that computation has become an
essential element in all areas of physics, be it via simulation,
symbolic manipulations, data manipulations, equipment
interfacing... [E]ven though the style of teaching and organization of
subjects being taught by physics departments have changed in recent
times, the actual content of the courses has been slow to incorporate
the new-found importance of computation. Yes, there are now speciality
courses and many textbooks in Computational Physics, but that is not
the same thing as incorporating computation into the very heart of a
modern physics curriculum so that the physics being taught today more
closely resembles the physics being done today"

---

Creator is [more likely](2015/04/god.md)

"Which is likely? Creator or not?"

---

By turning something into a process, we dont automatically remove "an
omnipotent creator" from the picture. Everyone likes the invention of
evolution. "God did not create the final thing, it was an evolutionary
process". Boom. Darwin is world famous.

"Well now let's apply that to the universe".. thought some? "God did
not make it happen, it started from a small seed, turned into
everything we see"

Except the creator isnt exactly removed from the picture, ie the most
enthusiastic supporters of Big Bang were and are the Clergy. That one
one focused, 'big' creational event must have jelled more with their
view of the creator.

But an omnipo being can bring stuff into existence, close to what they
are now, just as easily as some magic process that will evolve stuff
into as they are now. Dont want to assume either way, what I am saying
is opting for long-running process just to remove the Big Guy is not
necessarily more scientific.

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">We are pleased to join a public and corporate initiative for developing a <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/European?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#European</a> hub for <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/green?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#green</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fuels?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#fuels</a> in Denmark‚Äôs Trekantomraadet. Everfuel‚Äôs <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HySynergy?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HySynergy</a> project in Fredericia is a leading facility in the hub and planning for its Phase II expansion is well underway. <a href="https://t.co/LGJkh1BRyD">pic.twitter.com/LGJkh1BRyD</a></p>&mdash; Everfuel (@EverfuelEU) <a href="https://twitter.com/EverfuelEU/status/1360163685990338561?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">February 12, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

BBC: "China refused to hand over key data to the World Health
Organization (WHO) team investigating the origins of Covid-19, one of
its members has said"

---

Rep senators did not want the politicking trouble.. vote on evidence 
wld cause a convict. Now the spin can favor DJT

"Donald Trump cleared by US Senate of inciting Capitol riots"

---

Eartquake data retrival [code](../../2021/02/equakes.md)

---

Soon after prev quake tweet, > 7.0 shake. Two of them.

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EuH6wbhXIAI-FQU?format=png&name=small"/>

---

Thanks to content like *The Mandalorian* I bet..

"Disney returns to profit as streaming business offsets theme park losses"

[Link](https://youtu.be/MVuBMhXhLks)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">üíß Develop 5GW of low carbon hydrogen production capacity by 2030<br><br>üèòÔ∏è First town powered entirely by hydrogen by 2030<br><br>Read the full plan üëâüèæ <a href="https://t.co/QCJdAjTjSd">https://t.co/QCJdAjTjSd</a> <a href="https://t.co/3Pp6AOQjXK">pic.twitter.com/3Pp6AOQjXK</a></p>&mdash; Kwasi Kwarteng (@KwasiKwarteng) <a href="https://twitter.com/KwasiKwarteng/status/1360189726075060224?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">February 12, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"You said this was indo. Smell like outdo" :)

---

Daam

"France wades into the South China Sea with a nuclear attack submarine"

---

Pute fussing over this one guy hurts gov legitimacy. Makes it
difficult for democracies to deal with RU.

"Russia says it's ready to end ties with the European Union"

---

There are so many things to compute. Fantastic models out there that
actually demo stuff, connected to physical processes. No need to wank
off to weirdo bullshit.

---

"India and China begin troop pull back from disputed border area"

---

They have to care, there is a whole song and dance around creation of
particles, formation of heavier elements since the "beginning of
time", if that story is poppycock, then a major part of their
assumption is wrong.

"Particle physicists dont care, they dont deal with that stuff"

---

Robitaille: "Cosmology is not science"

---

Jacobin: "It‚Äôs Long Past Time to Abolish the Filibuster"

---

We know fluids of similar attributes even in the same canister stick together.

It is fascinating to see this at a large scale. Oceanic scale. The
Atlantic and the Pacific [do not mix](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/FlawedEuphoricIndianringneckparakeet-max-1mb.gif).

---

I was told during their conflict, RU media played [this
video](https://i.imgur.com/1RBuOEV.gif?1) on a loop. That's
Shakasvili, the then GE president

---

Strategically it makes sense to want to be depended upon by bigger
players, as an energy exporter, so next time maybe they wont get their
ass kicked that swiftly by Russia.

---

Quick term expl; they will use water (hydro) in a dam, let through
turbines to generate power. Green. How to store that power? H2; again
green (and hydro).

---

Hydropower to hydrogen.. It rhymes! Go Georgia.

[Link](https://www.pv-magazine.com/2020/09/28/georgia-explores-green-hydrogen/)

---
