# Week 19

"@Istanbultelaviv

Watching videos of Israeli police raiding the grounds of the Haram
al-Sharif during the Ramadan prayer tonight I can only come to one
conclusion. The police under direction of Likud's staunchly
pro-Netanyahu Minister of Security, Amir Ohana, is doing everything to
cause chaos.

This is of course aimed undermining any progress on opposition
Netanyahu front to reach a coalition between the right-center-and left
parties. If it is not this its total lack of good governance, a very
bad police force, and and many far-right factors trying to make it
worse"

---

"Sunfire Successfully Tests World's Largest High-Temparature
Electrolysis Module"

[Link](https://bit.ly/2SuisG3)

---

Fort Knox Five - Papa Was Stoned \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/ltC0XIflyKc)

---

The Mark Duval Big Band - The Race Machine \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/0taq78DElkY)

---

"@Snowden

The worst part of cryptocurrency transforming into dragon-level wealth
is witnessing good people emotionally devolve into dragons themselves:
so intellectually paralyzed by the fear that everyone they see
threatens their hoard that they lose sight of the world beyond their
cave"

---

"The world's first shipment of blue ammonia was dispatched from Saudi
Arabia to Japan on Sep. 27, 2020 for use in a power station for the
production of zero-carbon power generation, paving the way for the
further use of hydrogen in the energy system"

[Link](https://www.hellenicshippingnews.com/blue-ammonias-role-in-the-energy-transition-of-saudi-arabia-and-japan)

---

Ammonia can be a natural by-product of a hydrogen economy. A major
input to ammonia generation is H2.

---

"Ammonia is perhaps most well recognized as a household
cleaner. However, ammonia makes another important contribution to
daily life as an industrial refrigerant.  It is responsible for the
year-round availability, volume and variety of food and beverages
served daily on breakfast, lunch and dinner tables around the world...
Ammonia does not destroy atmospheric ozone and does not contribute to
the greenhouse effect linked to global warming. In fact, ammonia, one
of the most common compounds found in nature, is essential to earth’s
nitrogen cycle and its release in the atmosphere is immediately
recycled"

[PDF](https://www.ammonia21.com/files/iaar-green-paper-ammonia.pdf)

---

"Ammonia is more efficient than an HFC-based system. Ammonia is 3-10
percent more efficient than HFC, which reduces electricity use and
operating costs"

[Link](https://www.keepitcooltompkins.org/alternatives-to-hfc.html)

---

Guess what Im going to recommend for climate-friendly refigration?

---

"EPA announced rules that would dramatically cut down on
hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, commercial refrigerants that are
significant contributors to climate change. This will completely
reshape the supermarket industry"

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Definitely a healthy sign that the basic economic mechanism on which we&#39;ve premised modern civilization reacts this way to an announcement that we&#39;re going to let fewer people die from a deadly disease <a href="https://t.co/QRzSbJmX5i">https://t.co/QRzSbJmX5i</a></p>&mdash; Luke Savage (@LukewSavage) <a href="https://twitter.com/LukewSavage/status/1390039136845828096?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 5, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

"A joke cryptocurrency has risen more than 26,000% in the last six
months, outpacing nearly every other investment"

---

"Unemployment" "went up"?

Well.. real unemployment went down. Same for U6 (official unemployment
is U2)

```text
            UNRATE  U6RATE  REAL_UNRATE  
DATE                                                     
2021-03-01     6.0    10.7    12.128327  
2021-04-01     6.1    10.4    11.852126  
```

[Link](2019/05/stats.md#unempl)

---

Covid works brilliantly for the right; it kills the old -they are
usually not employed (not awesome)-, and the poor. It's like
unfettered capitalism, but faster. Kill rate up the roof!

---

Econ status relation makes sense, poor dieting wld adversely effect
immune resistence.

"We found large social gradients in COVID-19 mortality. Adults from
households earning less than the median income made up two-thirds of
COVID-19 deaths, while those with less than a high school education
accounted for approximately 1 in 4 deaths. Veterans also accounted for
nearly 1 in 5 deaths, despite representing less than one-tenth of the
population...

The associations between social determinants of health and COVID-19
mortality are similar in scale to those between hypertension and
diabetes and COVID-19 mortality"

[Link](https://journals.plos.org/plosmedicine/article?id=10.1371/journal.pmed.1003490)

---

Bloomberg: "An Amazon.com Inc. warehouse worker died Thursday after
collapsing at a company facility in Bessemer, Alabama, that was the
site of an effort earlier this year to unionize the workforce"

---


Look at GDP Per Capita of US and Canada. Canada gets a lot of
immigration but since 2010 US did better.

<img width="340" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/E03sBtlX0Akvzai?format=jpg&name=small"/>

---

You can grow your econ through efficiency increases instead of
immigration. Efficiency is captured in GDP Per Capita.

"@bopinion

America’s population advantage has disappeared"

---
