# Week 2

"Fuel cell stocks had a great run in 2020. Plug Power (NASDAQ:PLUG) led
the way as its stock surged a whopping 973% during the year"


[Link](https://www.fool.com/investing/2021/01/04/should-you-buy-fuel-cell-stocks-in-2021/)

---

"SK Group invests $1.5bn in hydrogen fuel cell firm Plug Power"

[Link](https://www.power-technology.com/news/sk-group-invest-hydrogen-fuel-cell-solutions-provider-plug-power/)

---

Hitler's story begins here

"Currency War I began in 1921 in Weimar Germany when the Reichsbank,
Germany’s central bank, set about to destroy the value of the German
mark through massive money printing and hyperinflation... Capital
flight is a traditional response to currency collapse... Even the
German bourgeoisie was not immediately alarmed as losses in the value
of their currency were offset by stock market gains. The fact that
these gains were denominated in soon to be worthless marks had not yet
occurred to many. Finally, those who held unionized and government
jobs were initially hedged as well because the government simply
granted wage increases commensurate with inflation.

Of course, not everyone had a government or union job, stock
portfolio, hard assets or foreign operations to insulate them. Those
most devastated were middle-class pensioners who no longer qualified
for raises and savers who kept their funds in banks rather than
stocks. These Germans were completely financially ruined. Many were
forced to sell their furniture to raise a few marks to pay for food
and keep going. Pianos were particularly in demand and became a form
of currency on their own. Some elderly couples whose savings had been
destroyed would go into the kitchen, hold hands, place their heads in
the oven and turn on the gas in a poignant form of suicide"

[Link](2016/03/hyperinflation.md)

---

My stash of code for books grows and grows... Matlab, fine. I'll take
it. Runs through open source `octave`.

---

Big Tech jumped the shark with that Parler ban

---

A lot of ppl are jumping the shark these days, all in their own
different ways..

---

Now interest rates are as low as ever yet there are still people
whining about the deficit. They just dont want gov to do
anything.. this is the real problem.

---

Haha.. "fucking bond traders", "being born again as the bond
market". Glib bullshit accompanied by technobabbling drama covering up
for lack of left-courage while trying to look TV-suave.. The strength
of this junk gave rise to *The West Wing*, taking place around
drama-infused boomers passing eachother papers while accomplishing
nothing.

"Clinton came face to face with the ideological power surrounding
deficit reduction at a January 7, 1993, meeting at the governor’s
mansion in Little Rock. There, Rubin, just selected to head Clinton’s
National Economic Council (NEC), and Panetta, the new chief of the
Office of Management and Budget, put forward the case for deficit
reduction, sidelining proposals for the large, innovative stimulus
that Clinton had advocated during the campaign. ... [S]tubbornly high
long-term interest rates had convinced Wall Streeters, including
Rubin, that a huge reservoir of investment money lay frozen and
untapped...

But cutting the budget meant eliminating much of the social investment
raison d’être promised during the campaign... An appalled Clinton,
confronted with reality according to Rubin, told his economic team,
“You mean to tell me that the success of the program and my
re-election hinges on the Federal Reserve and a bunch of fucking bond
traders?” Carville would later remark that were he to be born again,
he wanted to be reincarnated as the most powerful thing in the world,
the bond market.

But it was Clinton himself who had appointed deficit hawks like Rubin
and Bentsen, the new secretary of the Treasury, who in turn chose the
orthodox Summers as a top assistant, later to succeed Bentsen as
secretary"

[Link](https://prospect.org/health/fabulous-failure-clinton-s-1990s-origins-times/)

---

Obviously previous dereg didnt help either, it created a freer
environment where new tech entropy / disruption could reach faster.

---

AG is no cookie; he knew industry, banks... 'The loan officer at a
bank knows more about their credit risk than anyone FED could employ'
he'd say having worked at these places... And yet that risk assesment
somehow failed. How? It always bothered me AG kept saying he never saw
it coming. Now I have a feeling why, he knew the industry through the
prism of old tech; A calling B, writing shit down, people shouting on
the trading floor, B calling A back, etc.. and *some*
computerization. Nothing at the levels we see today.

---

This all sounds like a bizarre concoction of new tech and old; 2W
institutions, with 3W tech on top... You can't mix fast and slow this
way..

3W is not at a point it can build, right now it merely disrupts and
destroys. Like my earlier example of Newt in front of a chat app, the
app disrupts the singular Speaker, adds nothing.

---

Greenspan, on 2008: "Another important source of the failure of risk
management was the almost indecipherable complexity of the broad
spectrum of new financial products and markets that developed as
number-crunching and communication capabilities soared.

Investment managers subcontracted an inordinately large part of their
task to the “safe harbor” risk designations of the credit-rating
agencies ...

Most investment officers believed no further judgment was required of
them because they were effectively held harmless by the judgments of
these government-sanctioned rating organizations. Especially
problematic were the triple-A ratings bestowed by the credit-rating
agencies on many securities that in fact proved highly toxic. Despite
decades of experience, the analysts at the credit-rating agencies
proved no more adept at anticipating the onset of crisis than the
investment community at large, and their favorable ratings of many
securities offered a false sense of security to a great many
investors....

Even with the breakdown of our sophisticated risk management models
and the failures of the credit-rating agencies, the financial system
would likely have held together had the third bulwark against
crisis—our regulatory system—functioned effectively. But it, too,
failed for many of the same reasons that risk management and the
credit-rating agencies failed: an underappreciation of the risks faced
by the financial system and an increasing complexity that made
effective oversight especially difficult."

---

Flashbaxx - Funk You, Motherfunker \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/0pXKyULqqI0)

---

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Story you may have missed--Urban Aeronautics Announces First Four Pre-Orders of its EMS <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hydrogen?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Hydrogen</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelCell?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelCell</a> Powered CityHawk Aircraft from Hatzolah .<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/VTOL?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#VTOL</a> Air Ambulances For Emergency Response-<a href="https://t.co/1JCidKgBEK">https://t.co/1JCidKgBEK</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/HydrogenNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#HydrogenNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/FuelCellsNow?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#FuelCellsNow</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/decarbonise?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#decarbonise</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/zeroemissions?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#zeroemissions</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/H2?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#H2</a> <a href="https://t.co/TWvySyFzPz">pic.twitter.com/TWvySyFzPz</a></p>&mdash; FuelCellsWorks (@fuelcellsworks) <a href="https://twitter.com/fuelcellsworks/status/1347873000494923778?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">January 9, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---

<iframe width="200" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/t-cP1prsBIo?start=410&end=622" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---


