# Week 5

<img width="250" src="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1RuAIV1vVuOUQnkerelkmLLlm9JDPQym-"/>

---

Right it'd be pretty stupid if they kept dividing the stock market cap
by the same number, for three months.. Then there'd be no need for
this ratio, you would just look at the market cap value itself..

No they use projected GDP, and apparently take it from the
[GDPNow](https://www.frbatlanta.org/cqer/research/gdpnow.aspx)
estimate of the FED.

"Wilshire uses market cap divided by GDP. But official GDP is released
quarterly? Do they they use that number for this calculation?"

---

Yep; bcz of incompressibility, star cannot collapse on itself, a
black hole cannot form. Years of pondering, books, articles written
assuming BH existence were all worthless. It all goes to the trash.

<iframe width="300"  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kI14fpM3ouU?start=333&end=369" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

---

WH advisor Brian Deese, asked abt "what about Wall Street, volatility"
blah blah.. He was like "our focus right now is Main Street". Good
answer \#PBS

---

All-around shoot-the-shit is no picnic either, I tell you.

---

Skills to be a journo has to be different than the skills to be an
all-around shoot-the-shit commentator. Lots involved in checking a
story, talking to ppl involved in it, etc right? Lota focused skill

---

*Outside the Wire*, little *Training Day*'ish, but has some solid
anti-militant messages.. The actor with the wing-suit from *Avengers*
was in it. Brother was like the black Terminator!

---

Cutler - Sync Estate \#music

[Link](https://youtu.be/_GLwv4TUGfo)

---

Is this relevant today? Well modernity (the second wave, after the
agro first) added its own mental structures that are in some ways even
more encompassing, and intricate. No wonder many ppl are still
interested in these things.. Zen, Buddhism etc, not to mention other
mainstream religions from the West.

---

I guarantee it Eastern religions, Taoism, Buddhism are a protest
against agro, village societies as well..  These societies constructed
a conceptual world with its idols, worship rituals, rhytms so
ever-present that new religions would rebel against. I bet the Zen
koans are packaged to make zero sense in that frame, to stir shit up
in the mind so that only when that frame is dropped, it makes sense,
or rather, the act of trying to make sense is dropped, hence the
practitioner reaches "enlightment".

---

messaging has been off

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Always a red flag to me when you claim to be representing the mom and pop investor (especially if you can’t adequately describe what you’re protecting them from)</p>&mdash; Skanda Amarnath ( Neoliberal Sellout ) (@IrvingSwisher) <a href="https://twitter.com/IrvingSwisher/status/1355636735401721857?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">January 30, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

---
